Epoch 1
A :::: :     eins sesatr eilo o   en   a e an fasle t toogini    el t a  n ole  t   aeb o e  oett  s   e h   i seei t  o  i iseb  nn a  h  o lr    r eet .  aean t t  a en e emte ete ar  i  a n cen h i t ne
Bk::::     he   l rdee n r  t,n e eee  o rrai tee t htgu  s  nt  staetit  h rr b  d rorserid tt. id yet    e h
C :T: K   ears
DKRTR:    sd elii e n edoeeo tahtaenttmt  l    s ro   tt tw  cn nu    aoea ta ash ltler i     de   te e   t e r rt la  d no  r  a t  eb ai o a ae      d  re  a el aa ete iroamn  a tnw leig e   hs  e ne   sieis aotho teltl .ea e p eeeo  a i e eeid eteeensry ttt t  e    a e  oo.r oe de   oi  e ry eit oei it th      h o edeeeltreyar  tee  me thr  t nome  otnct  ate  e     e o nena   r  o h  e    enaea    eatno   da  tnetiev  e e seaoa r l a e ewt tien ie e   iutu n  soia ee  t lloec  a e  au       sar t   a     i heeeel s   tetr sn hert    e t n  eaoiie  e oelt .ur wroe   n e      es n.nen nit    ata to  re nre eyate toe ienrr  ear tnt  a heen. re   r  ue  do  te teae  p tt aert leaah e  d  eted l. n ta  mi ogt yo    ee d  i ar  i     br  t  erio et  ni l nl leu i tr    e  seh  o ai    hel ho a s eo ne a   aimi  dn tarne  o i   ai  s  nrheweicr sna    rhn ae eoea i itt  m   edaee   te.   ei e o e  eoo t      soi t lt    n  t  r oolt esot   oevt e ei epeodh r eol  e ona  de  neh e  ena g  td. m r eta o het  e s noe a  g  e  ett  eeahio eer  tee ut  s eo  a h   eo u l e tt iar io o oeo   eiaye r te ei er.o  ad' u. temn os nea ee     o    eo  ltiartn     ea tiioanro  .snn nee i re c   oh ntsueieeoo nsoe oeon  .t ro nr r    ra ttron l   setiit   hcee oar  eee  n 
ENK:: I   I     , e a m s os   r ti  et  e ntiiee.ts    otase eedu    d    e o  .   t e    ibeeo  rr nr e tot   tes t ero oens   e       eohpo   aea eoor    rgso  e er n t   .upi ne   ne eocitr   etod idee iloo   se  n      aot  otaeno ni eitlamaeeeoe et     o atnm tr  sria   'h t s on     i  nt tnad e eses   a   n     eeii    .m seeaencerteeeia  i. oeteeteeteeet  ente       n gi er  i  aoi le efnhed t t 'hr e g.   s  oe n et ee or    s eoeoso e e   natt     dr  s   pat o tde p.s  e  etptt  i  i i  en tl  hlost    tr in e  o r?eitr  r      re  ota  eu   e se   ea tc e   l n ns euor erei   otn   e a   aa a  i  dtnnyi   co tlr unt   .a m  ieeor
F:RRK:T    t  i i s  oi 'i  oe i r o r it arnaee o  k el  ad,o .i ,dosoei  eeea on    t   h ol  oa   ee   i  entf oen toi  n  ee ts     not  re.n  n  ie r t e uor  .  r he e eet '.e  es g     u hie e   r     t oiiedees  e ta,B et t s e  sta nor.  ont e de e     oon ln   eeeh ii i e o  h   es   gt   e e  i  ieute e e  rlsys t  n
GU::::   h et   e   
HKI:: M    duh ns nt h  st ent oy   .  t o   
I:K:C:     tt t taere ieilet d   ete r es e  lnt    aetti taa sfho ih  e  s   aa sii  t a       te  ai   ish aan  oosee  r t ts nthfr neeto ea 
J: K  S    o s  t ilo a  o  nte di l.   o   oe et o  eo  tte oi e tr o    li  ai iti p r     tde s  moe
KuKIKK:    ee  dsl  sae  te  eobla  oitat tna iom oa  ab ten ah e  eetrc    etie  to   e iia  oo   melereprs  elt  t toi   eren oetie eaw tr     a a  nn     egeaoo  l n a i  eto     hi i trh  r       h to   lihasa onnriueto  ei  ehdsosad sei,oi u o  no  e  nla e e   itr goi   eot e  me s sn  re stteic e i ote  te t  esas e     io   oy   a     ty l  .hiipe  rsrni  oa eet ue  ooe
L ::::K  ra niteI  n to t torise 'e   ot ooose   leh weoo  ve is  ese    i    tew      e eo ad o ,  n e.   en  e hsdshne    o e     nnlnicll, t reto  e  ,rdniueg d   r ia
MORR: :Hkr n   e ya et to  ee  d wil ni  o iea  u    oot e  soo  ,
NH:C: :   ei e ee uoa   e i ret t  i    lat t e mi  o t l a  e un  aovi eo  heoe   ra u  oe o t    oo  ae  h n  hs   o et  la eeo  one eeor  a cset   oat     aio yts  ao oi  nea nner itdeieae  t eoetoetht s ern t   beede.iie   d nh haege ese i  o saa  se tt atu  fsee    f nanD vetd     a t    op   o   ot ioh sr       ste i i.ea e e nc am nn teeilo e  do h nue  u n tti atr td s  l rtltwo   oev e i e    ueeo  a    u t e  tae tonerroaoa  se n nr  mpni oter oont  eeo tde oeoeeo eeio    le ivi    e o s    .ttot  edt  noto e   en eaasnw n p  u nd   oll d t tp    efitee e w m   eone e  nm u t  nnet d y. e  sa s  t o sd   a n       pi e a na   de  s   euoi t ra iadob   ri  an eta   ,s,,e oir n r t  n rneo  e ior t r   t  aaoeo  n  ieebrear i  tetsr o ae ratel  t  e ioi
O  TK:     ao t h  e ss rao  hos   n    n     tee s  ee teie    d   eotrne te reo i uao    uied  
PJI::C: r:tt o n u a ' en  i ea  a oe i  tete p    i    elestee   etm i to
Q3Ru: :: p   ds   t e on oe  i re  e
R:OcK : eote e inei tttaao s  n  ont h  t    i ut   uoah  det i et    ng
S::K::     r  t  adtmn at g.t   in   oi r a e o oon.  aipe  c lsb s ttan s  it so sneem  e neanesnit.  tp  hr e u    ia aete te  e teedttn  tat   ta t li onnt  o uo  e tole rut 
T4A:::     tan  so  etr  
URO: :  ee io   si t     r  hi hs     ttuet i  ,  in t e oa n  nte   t a eso oni  eon et ot  iei ati    t nfdh  ut
V ::I: :   nnr eeo e  n t   e  rh nua    etoiee n    as t d
WR:K::  e   e irao res  ioeee  e      as en e osn  tae eooe a        l  fat she  a eioeh   n  tieeet w oiorad k 'r ioeud  et i ha   mntd hrrat  itre da     t ete ri  cntlosMo  e e  te e  i  eiono    a  t   t s   t   eaahr  e c  i e en    a
X R:I: t  t e eie te eh   s.  ttr o  t t     i  l ii     tieerote ensie i a rdoetttns s  ie rl atoi.eetnun  n et  lnep s eei t      t e  et t   eo  ttnh  e   h i ed    antrero  t    tphnr ieta  as tre
YWO:K     n    eohetso t.  stiei   e t  l  e pt e   see      oreet  etlten rg hailrtnn  s   . i  . ee t ehar  a en e r   to    dihtti  reec o   termroe,or     
ZRI:K:   a a      tl ea  i  

Epoch 2
AOL:O:  oaee etoe te doh teeTsno ao tetes sac e tr
BRCK:   hteep owen to tnrd onloa stie oila e.aio aehee e wde nue intti t iee.e iiltne .toeeah ued tet hiee sn nae tthays pstn hehonttoni seoeitsta naee ehto  eate ve meaa oao nrhweele etnt t nesc tot dia aot dhnt it trhe trnatmc nup iirnaen otaer lessp edtt,hoe ninlo eenert eae e autun eies ooet o ei eee ooen di liet teue troeoetet ova.e  ha titsee vne ine od hhniee  lot rh o e,hin ia oou tet ituin eei nnernoee le seen een soli yatt nte ssaaee tssyo o iahmeh loo raoh uets no nehl  aaeal eoe lrhe nt ert oot aotta hh lty nate kteou oeodene n s urlwh teer nt ttt true eiedts ttur vte  at ea sesrs te e aoaa  ooss oie a aao oret nten  nas .noole etst te hna eeaseose etst t oern eoiine soarea e iedtese rne eoreei ral.l thehhe  atarsh so kideeme  sona  aieeh eihtn kpeasbr eet eayronce iond aeati ao cet use ttt loeie  seeoye e o dte eeuie rito eo no ttn lou ea unyeen ted taeio eea se eil tts seeiafm. sa ee eu trse toao aetoee niesa eni pts ooed o atee cae rre ioisenmne nnter. esr ta taesaeitgen a mtn,r aenl entt aite aht let nyo tetuiot a uuestt that aesiee  oiae ti nso sysonhoit eeo sint .ml  ie sero cu nle del aceei wuGesar ..e eyetl eeeo rhese adt onorelee ttya gee
CA:OK: heut
DUT:::: :ctln  teon wse tt.ens ood atno oe oe egtr oesd tue .ere  erahlo eet segte rse ote cn ena hh l lirtot th oaen tsri eter  eeo teeri
EICCO:  aaehen dr ioon .ho e,a ta n eied aenoh nr e adiwite.  ett tonee teno oy nottn oe ttoaemt sanit he.ee ope e llsh ton ist tn arsin  oett rir. aee hefheria re rielr o eaete oo e
FO KK: : htieie o.eate ed er gon ho eoiaki d aho hte reit nrs .haa oae adet rnteo ee yeo seane edee it riwato mct  ae n rila tteee ene  aa oee  to
GR::: : t t tsn etn nie teit tioht 
HCRE::: geae .hyods ciuhn hoaiaita oeen es ynate. earosob ero ienhtd nn ht to nitend ner ot  olne raa eeas ue itc 
IKIK:K  ioe etjosst sinh its e eoSteaee ene s ete ee.vn ae ithe tea raaieg tt etuete noa rettt s osei oene  ttu asote i pawam yet aloue optscene d hea
J OR :: antuiltee aesne taae pstit eveec top  tntien  aonse aia nhe itin ets ota ot
KRRUK:E aiae st ttrreo t soe et nt ne o  ie heh o. eoaol  apo ohiooe rasle snn tate
LOINC I  hta t eoaseen atnaaiae due a eeo eteii n.st hdt eoe meas hene asuat s aa ton eaerera amo  tnei tepeniefito nmniiee eepau ott.
MRRO::: o eoeo tattoneen t  onooe cmseoo tte arnt tneo ee
NORRK  :Ta ro ehed lelm bc. eeta o tne
OIOK:: otee ehe towo  ultre deem ao ese  afoee  oeya enttnw nes sih edeene thes tne elreh ueo eatb het
PRN:: :Se r.vie usien dt ens
QKRR :  oat.f ntso sa sene nnesy ehot teo  olee ree neoaen ntehn oaee aceeon  entt.e.imse er talte ae rte eoi sor  toeteee n alu oeel tcna eiitaao sod esa  aslonis ttet  eiedr ttee neaeee rdedh oaea yoon teyeo oen e sto erce eee in il eeu ttta lu steaaro eeo  t nanr teu nat ii oseea  lort u enleoue  toe han  oeneelo th aet et nss eoo oaoeht t 
RIK KN  er toa tes oh rrse poeoe ni  eeeenre geiot ee eottt  te i oee awat es e sona oetieh edeeh  heeae  eed dentiets 'hel inaereeee eaasaragh lea aoahs dt yote ne eoh nta gsthow teai taeniinr nri  stharpe  esien umtket ooe 'seet uo onyuaei too nott ase  ethano  er t nriti ho oaut e tlhoeo oooe ee aeitoasiner eeo. ess eoer ehe tant dtt ed enf eaat. t sn. to wao ont  anoti retl vsmaeod eshe ieat tt eo or ntn tt onme tse tse tmy ue et eeos ae
SOR::S:Yho ,l 
TRRR::   nonotiw e oaeea 
UCRRK:  osea aeeu aesae itl hoe fe lre oto oset ssei oi nhc note eu hts orttaee ee outmh .as eet strn noenn srtt eueamorde iaoen rioe nit na pte ertu 
VC :: :has inmt at. e nn  aaie tereseo nsnr oeedeet eanaun sean a nrosd st nerr  e shaatiea otrn ae.' o aheniweiwioanh. rioee epr nohn. tn  ota onynt ta lotnnmre t ae teehntry t srt .u aoee . nsee oe ftro et heaoue hehn oatr rto thotrneatoaff airt o hm taae ae ego
WCIK::  os eat nie e teiunnr s hderooiytt eee. eiept e. tsu hroe neodertrte oisase ,en eeitele reee  esoeo ate tathe aotetire eun ertr  yaeoeute  dote te na tent nw cor tia tuane hhe esns lt ftr i.hnphen edsle eo tootedto syeoe o.t
XKAKAT ous rueantiae ooatl  oetpee eha hii otrt n aet e eeie mcd at mo tyeayh llt nno e tade  soenv ot,ue eitto rut  staeeet oeehh thnaeh.a tpe eosaeo r tispl pao tlvee tee  tineeda oe nia heo itet eho es ea r tle inrn oco daeio enee ote aah ni  seain eopiia sssi er et eee eee cha neu  ohoees e tet er er eeirrtt anr eh nt teieee ooaie ae iat ie netiaar.me ht teo t ot ttii iathitn ati yt as ea yoe otoeu,c te eneeeie paee totmit ts aot ato a atreee ttgente. hstle aae. uoa ierer enee otiy taeini aei r tvea rs.ie mte nyom e lao oem  ttt ?strtf  twe torit aae iiie hoeee rt oai eatlr onese r aasos on e nts ast,eneo. oosto ee ae ttrt .anl sTeee opb tef nroeatu hn re.s aonerotet o rrre  elaeeei nttcinlr tnitayt eit etyt atro nneo nr'e eee t eitn t lhtshe ooe  die set ntt toot sgot trphra ee enr ridie cute  kasao noe tee r eoas.e esof rsnnt eoh ia alte tane tlrh, oleo eto  eetht efo
YRR:::  soo e lierr olr .nret no a.n aelre eeuerndet uhe noo td etll aetre soe oanaos ete er new toii oea oeioer tinnaree ,sn ul atai  onc iae nesnt a trnt otn am  nneeg t eoea aatno bahe oe nt oe rot ty noa nee et aeooles ae ce er ti th u uneoe hewaie eta r e eeeboi  tode t oel hto aee aedt ene tm  rar he anthtt totae  earee sta nhhsrnr on efoe oe hrnt toeore as ee oeh otiea dreeo doi htenl  osor a uho  raee aos lii  oeo u os tnt t osn oere onegn tmo hihaen ete eeds sscceyto to ttar tert oooh eo eait. oe nia eaed ieoe hfr oseye a imnsd 
ZC:U: : eotro eae seek ienoh doe e

Epoch 3
APRKK I ho to tl to to pe tn to ne te tt it to oo an te sioee ho oo n uie bhe taee wgd to nh hu na le tr te d tt to t hoe se io air taee to tat fe ih ao mie we to tn oo I eo no ou hl rptree to tr eo aave wo tr an tcee th te io to tn daht t oae to ao tt aw t'r te bhn dd yia ae ke cr ah phie to ah te he ao tor se to oe sa ta at ss to we aoe di to ts io w du lan acar th tt ao ao co tar tae aie , hr ao mo t aad ao oa tae coe hae ts tr to so tc tas su he te tr to oie co ao wo tte to no wo te nh aa tau tiu oo ts tte th io ton to te to ine roe he to tan bae to ao se tn nr om aae te th sae hor se scant coo te ae te wt ser bnlr toe ao wo wu lor ee car st hh oie tr te te se se od acee soe te to see soe tt ahe tt eil sae to ctl te to soe te an ar tu sl tru de te mh al re nt ft te tit tee ae oo ir yie od ohee oh Sl te tu tie aoe hri s tat co to ao tod ce to th se sht ta tne tn ta tn to cod hee. I it oo ao wu tod ne prt uor to ha, atar tn aae aa ao tr oi tae t t erar ah us iie ce te eo wi an tir se air th ao te ao to to mo ht lo tnt ae to rer er io fo yt mis mnau hor boe wo to te to te mo ao wo te to to to te ne to te to de el ttd uah ao aor sh su oor ou ta ne tt te coe ao ae tit tr oe av ae te sa ae eaure oo ro fe tu te toe te to s le te te th wo te to ao soe ao oa oie wl teg au ne ss te wk tr tae aor to te tl ts lare te wo we dse eo to nt de tl eu ao ao to hs tr on pe tee siu ta fe eo f ayr fe tm te te puue te tod te tie we wt te tae to arm. ye aas ter oi ror tie ou te fe ahe wtr thr mh bf to sl oa oe se te te to io tu toe aain ie ioe tt pt ot n, io ao tn thl. Ti tm to to te au te ao to bh te the ro wne to wo ae we ou ot po to tt se to tcav ccun tn ta tte te io se oo ws tu ho tl ei ah ao ro foed se ioe tf ao tit wo te ai oa et as te lo th au dt wee ae tae kat ta ae ao ih ao nal tot yo to til ho oo ph ooe soe ln te hae tau to oo to, ae ta ior te an sa dot he fo ae coe to ih beu ao tit sf tns st tu soir re be th tee oo wre ihe ch yeil Io to td tn ta te ts ml tr de tl te tu to ae ahe to tt bo aie th ahe w to fe to ts te tl tit ro hoe aoe te me te no mag eie bnei ole lo tie oo ae taae ao ot thr wa ol te ls sos th bhe to so tn ao pooe nt t cllpt ai sied te te ao ao ti ta al to nt te wo aot te he ooe te ser aee sf to tit ton te mo cd to tl pn aam wo te fne tr aot tu tor hat st an te da ts to hc ao's mar ah oo ted is to ro pot th shaar ae tau tn ta lat te u not ye oo oe wae tat ao tu fn rt tit te cal sat toe ooy to poo he ti aig to oe bot trl to so to sii orr poe ao fre aut aar wo aal ao to ho to tt to io ho t se ael io te tr ahe te oia
BCOK: Tue ho ue ttor se s oeu ye ae te tt she to ahc. of to ao an tee toe ao na ciani. ihe to tocse nt es th tn ti toe tr to at tad rhe qe aae to oe io we aou oe so tu te to d se te to aer to an le lo nn oo te sr it se re mir tee oo se tt it t oe te te th do toe ao nh nt ht nis bo ce toe t die tt oe saee te sh tan te te be oe at te wh il vo noe ie wto ts hne te th tl th to se ee an tuh tid le tt sr tt to ce tie aah soe th Ie gie in tt oe to eie to oo te fs wo aolt ah mt se por en wore te bhs aaae I tu ton wu de coed te oe tit ticiie to tu sa aee soe te mn oe me dae hoit wo te to rm taie oe see tt ty tb eu ihii to sae so wet lie st to te ao ts tee tat ti hoa iu ao to co te ste to oo tao te tu d oo te ty ma to ws ao te wo ta se io tio aa to io tu to iu. tee cos th ace rm th te aa eh ts woar ai go ae th so te or bo to te tn to at pae to oe ne tn bo to ln to to ia te tom te to tate Eh he noe co eo we to oor ao te tn te tu t yu tee to te oo ie sh yn ae to tae ao to te tce or fa oh ts ta. I oo dr te ao it aie oh s ro ao te poe ta a ihe to so ao ah ta r he to ts oo sh tu mo wt de to ye mo mo lae no nu toe te bn ar roeis ie mh to to to th yha te ihae wh uo tt yoe oe te fn nee. oo to rt toe ee te tat tn ah oe ie oo to te tu oo tt to hau aa fe hhr bo an to to d oe ie ihe ti as ta toe to on to ao ki to tr to tae fo toe co ear co ta ao tu th vn sun ho r ao wt ae ho te
CIRRK Ao ao ts to te ti ao tue ti tt te ok tat to il te ot te tf to uan mr tot tr at tn te ah tse foe tae ood th ts et to wo te tot ye tn mo tao ab aat to ee har toa fim am iie tu fe ere an oo en nh io te so ts tht th pn oat tn oe so so te to has pie to te se ct uat te se cil to to tu oe nh yo ta su ao tr te wt ah wo poe to ber to wo ti tt cpos seias go to at ao aes yr nhe aae te sr' tr ehe bn yo se ths to ah to iod bo wo toe to tie te mi or coiw ta tl aht ht te su spnr dr clee oe aa tli ntae so to nu oes te toe. sor oo io mart aine tr tal tio ao tg te tl to he to mo or io ta te do hce ah ta to ciar aae to it tie ee te ted se coe the I wh tts te wn to io th it to io el se ta rim tae oo tat we se tae sn no to to te so tt coe tl to de be to te th to pni co ao to ae to to td yu ft ae taf ah sr tC w or rrre hoe to aue et sa to ao ta ne so cn tt t naps tors poar to th te le col tie ou Hr hau tt to prt. fo aes in tn tt tii lif to ahg uo ao at capn to tsl toe te oe de sae ae wl ct lo to ln tor for mou wt te ao ta tia oe st mor ire crer hn ms to ao io toe an sht se yn ae to ss dsai ioe fr ao sl tn io we hp te thm tat tie . aoe yr aa eh hn to ar toc ut tr su co aia ha ti iae te iou e tu no te aane so tu tat tu oo te te ah tu san ohe se iio io se ao hh ft tr ta te mo tu tme se yu io hn h oo te du te to te ao iim te to iad ly to to te tt to se aaoe to tn sn afs so ah fon be ha et co el lie te ao wa to of wt tm to ou ooe, te te to tu tot oo to ih ot tl to we nh or tie ah tn aot go ou co io te ao te bo fs ah to wo th to de oe wu baat te ahe lo te se te to uo tid to tis e oau aot ae phn se tem. yh ta te ce she tu to oe sie tae to aa tr ine de toe tl be tce to ce lapin th te to to me ti he te che on nhe nne toe ro pe tn wan wu selt rae io ta pee ah to wr sr iim su mat so aht mo aie tn an bue to sne ho gee ao to eo wh th ahep ne to iie ye to ea ae to toe tus ws sw th aae se to tn to te ae he dr s is te to st te te tht te oo to tor tul aoe oh te eo ts nao coiar to toe ae ke ao sa nrn ee wo ti oe d ow tie ie to or tuit an tn sor te te tiot to aae mo lt ao tm eia te ao te tbe fhe wawe re a uor trt aoe ao wo to noe yo tor cne tiar oe cot tre tnes wo yn te toe yrr yo wee ho tu hir ae vo no t aau tt ta poe te te wu ior tus se wh tl te are eon it te tr oe tt so to on to tin t eu wo wit tee it mus ko tu oo ooe tnt ooe aoe aarl tt ah tie eot to nt no to d war te toe tu aaa se to tn te ia to tn se soe yo oe to hor uo mo iae aair to maids in To wn te wy se teu. raiit te bis sth ao te to ao to te ah bh ae to th ao yee ice mh tio so tie tt dn ho lo sa to sa ua ao ti ohpb thu sr tr wu tr tf tr to wc at oo te te te hh to te tpera he te tar tapd iie an ee te ae to ti ts crets oo ys be te he pn te se no ar fat ta ta ton por ys to as ho fe tin ho ipln on sn tte tt to tn we to  oh uhe ee lae coe te toe tt te I tae tat te cf bo au ou ype be lie d uhe tn ao aoe ii ao co tt te iu tee tir to to tte oe th do te ta te bt tm to to et ti ic rm eo to ye bo ro wo hh me whe go phr tn yoe tr liaa aa te so toin toa te aoe ti ane th ao. en cd ty aht ihe po tee we tl tn dr toe th iie no th ta dil so oo an se ehit oe ye oh tu to ge to str wo tat io aie de te te coe tt to oh to ta te ro gaasl lo ol ae to wiu ts ahn ro nt to te to te yu do oo to chn ao to s aoe ho raen eo tr tr ye ws be to ta te tor co lhs so on ta to wen oa aa ar na tie to so oe tn no tt yo ts ae oot noe td fo se te to mt ao tie fe te cur nh toa, te ne tn ane teiaas ear tir snr ue ne to an tm wi ere to ta ae ne arie tar iaeil oo ee ioe iie to we shlr bo oo tilr ao loie te oh se rie ida. ine hoe te io io oe to te la fe ke sm te tn aa tu to shos to tir. fne to tt ae ce tuf to ace chee io to wa te tt ce ts to tu ae te wu coe ao anu eh tor te th te ao toe. tiae hee tn to bo ao co so te tr ao te no ao in tin me toe io at tr ao tt tm de ho poe te tpl oe to fa et boe io te tr ie to aa aosr faune ah to ou par woue cmr se tn ah taie to teo ioe an tt tai yu ro sitr loers te rh lo rh th sr toe tir tlt wo te tnr tg toe ao ee de iait ael to tar aie tos ao, se pn tnait to cih aa tn tio sn leb oe et tirl te moi oo ti iie io te oa aoe to te fae ce te se te ao ao tu te on me lo ct w ea toe se co co tt tte so oae se te to io ct aer to io tn ho th ai tr tn moe w onte wu toe io to oe maue te ns tu to te wu tn te on te tne se tt na. to oo sa nte iise te sol tcs mhr to ta tnr be wt ao wot ss one rt tl mo tf ol ta wm tr aee to te to tn tu to tn tee ds tm toe sa tl ol ao cit io to a taet to to tnn oo d om to te wo th tt cos Tu it oae so ta to or to te te eo ore to to tn ttt te we tot ai wh aee to oh tt ti ho u toir ter sor be iu te to ner ie hu ta lt tu ter ve te ioe po ws se tsr wuat so s oo tu bt th te tm on oh co lae ho hr hu te te tnn is tr io th oe foere te so ar tlt ao to ti tae he bot to oe chs ne ao oe to sblt to ih ta to au oie chto bot
DRKRR: I te te yo te to eh ae iae sais tce th do ioii eu tics bt hoe to toe bo rin oo nhe ye ttu Se so toe th tu ya. so ne to t au toe te te se tat to uae te se wie te lo te oas toe tml ths on tt hr tee oo to tu mf te te to io tt au te te te to lh toe te at we io hs sri t or aae te ae ih tn tur taer to woe ia tt te bo te te to t aaal soe sir ter iht tp tt th to gie toe io to ct soe fs ha uu ao ao te tk te s ao ho as te de tt tie oo te
EROC:: I Ch th to ao ts taae me te ao. te we tn aoe te tar te tn ae titd oa ooe ta ho to io turm yo cht nir ts lo taat
FRCKO: I aoe ton ot ts ah ta so se coe hptt po oe ti te oe ae to toe tt toe ie we as to wu ae cer nnl to te th oe ae eu no lae thl ts fn ah oh te to tu tt tt lo ntd oe tiam to ah tear aoe tt wm. ae pod tae. tu poe ho ae ao tt te oh sle oa ah mo oe wpte to wo aae un yee an ae ao ih tr oa ia tu f'a, fh mi op tio nt up oh ht no oo tr oil an fe td frlt on to so ti do air to it phr fae wo ts aou fo ae sh te sh ih ipt yr tee tr soe so to rae ih ae tu to es cio tee tee wht ao ae to ta tat ra se su sim sif w or tar co nie iao ao te te tn ac ot an the io to ao an to ti te sh ah to te oo aae aie woe te te to trs tn ch ian ir tv aa tr oa nre wa wtr tfe ro s ao ah tu ao to tt t to io tn te tnr on te ro se wo tn te td tas te oo tn siie nnl yh it aie to ht te ae oe cre te lu te ta tt to tu se com tu oo eo ro so ce to po no tt ia tir to he to too to to tl ao se he tu aoe am 'n baee ye io he to ta te tre oa te'
GKIO: Th ain tr ti te oh so to to s tir be lu tht tie Ch ao mor toe oh te aar tv te dr co te se aoe te toe tr te ti ta to de ye sn tan ne wan te tr tt toe or she te tt io te top thi oa tr te te te tl tu te th ou to tr te aa iot te ts wo sot ao to vr tae tn aine I bae te dr to tn to ya te ta fo co tir toe the bprt nie eie yi yas tv tue. oo ar ir tit ra ae ao re to ao ea oe te ta see rt to ss aoe se tn tf ho te ior doe go ai aoe no ce ar to fo ih tn ir ot sr aae ms tan uoa la tr triir cit tce to lo pn tmstat ou oe ta am hy I tl io le tn he soe o, I me to sae oat to to sr te au no tt aais ah uet
HOTKN W: oo tort we tae wf to fo ao to lve su I an te to se ao tee ah ce te he eh mo ia fl ces to pne to tt da ao tnug oo ta te no ttr to to lv aoce to t oe sat cse io tl ys tr mctao yn tr te tt is soe ne cort ho ph oiia uh wo oo te soe an ao ah mon co aal fo rrie. hf te to to san st to tr ao nrr te to ty te to or ut bu pns hue to tots
ICOK: I st to te ss yar sne rho ae wo shu oo t oaf yoe so tis ohe yo ln mo toe th on. hot moe iait to taet yt ws to in ho inr to on te oo te ao to oo ah th tt tu coe ao se ou tt tot tae ice wou ts to ae nn ae se to aat cm,t wo tn ti nr oiane do ch oe it to tr ie no ee ao so tn ne sus te te oae te so ohe tn. oh to th ite yp tat tiii oe wan tee we hort oo ta ye th we le te so to tal ot fe a te ao we to ttr to toe
JIRN:: I ao td io me tr is ta we tat rr nhe y tb th oo to to an tar tt oo ahe th ar oe te tt ais me tue io to ai uo io ie te taat to oo se to nis siit te sau oh wo lo tos te ee tt sal ge na ou whaf oi oe iu ts cte io tn te tie the w tns th iae eoe ke oo tu ta te to oh ho to aoct su ao se thd oa soe so aim thr shr tcm to ro as to se tt he iaie I fr tt to tu dr to to ta to oie ct caio st pit se tet he on at ao ro mr aoe to tet uo te tu tis tn ioe che tn to ie ta oar ye wl ioe hu tr nicd sae ai tu to td pet oo fe wo the tt iiee ro to he to ao tois re ahe che th ta aae ae ios ior mo io tis yve so ts bn oae ta th mo de ao ye twe ho to aa so aie fe seesn . aiag khe ao oe to to se ro y air to wii oe She ce saaa oe aar so. te toe to lo tn te taa tae to ys th ta tit ts te wr tu tn te the to ti uo to tte uo te to ts aie tr ao iae. te nor wo to mt te sie phi oo kn ne al t ecl. dee coe ot aha im nn ye ol ao ho wo ae wee t hr ni ot ee ssr tos sr iae ta tr sae tie te ar se bo paoe id ao he toe to mo te toe tan to re wh re tao te tne bae dd ke ion se tnr to tu saad fo hhae tae tu ti toe to aa sv ho te ou to td uae sar ao se ta hos oio do ee io bo toe no t. fae to moe. ha we tae no to su oa io clees We te the fe ro to se ar, fae yo ahe cir no ph te ih to ti te ctert do at ao s oi le ce th tn on act te ao ho te ir aae ts fe yose so y ro de du ts to ro iae. ho io tir de y oo se che wa ro tas se ae ih ta ta? oo s te eu tr to te fe iaaa co to te oo ioe te poe aa ot te ao tl ia tar ta of tt ht ho hl ooy de caho ts ao te thri hiat so lt aor toe oa tine Sn stiae oa tre ah so fee we we soe sor whit co aio ne tn tor ue to ao tr th paei te we go tn eo air tre te no ie te tt wt io to wo til fo to shd
KIRO: : ta waan ae le ti t iv go hu rat iu eae tu ho tu te te te spn ge ee sir tn taa is wn th so tu air he ter te ale spn I tit ao we woe cns noes roe so san tr se io to  oom mo to tt ood yre go to tecte ahe an fe sk ion cae I coo an te no oe coe ak ty as aee tt K te thr ye dhs to te ah to to we mo mo tin oe tae oo aie ao te oe te st chat lh to shl I ah to te ts oa tie see iae sae bo sf yr bhes soe tce he to tio re tor ooe oh th to phtae as sh to me to we sn tr teu oh te tr tt sr to to pan I ahu io oe te te no ta ao on ta oa tise tc tau aia tn ne to al to tae shn ht tte toe st tuat ye te bi hu ce ue fif bl io me wo ther Iit wo te tm wo te ra mr ao ne ttr oh tt te io to orl oe sr de tho ti eoe nu se wh tare to m hs tn ih at tod te waiy nh ae ye ta te tie te te tn sipe en ae we mo io an ah ail nh io te tr te ta fe th aoa aa tu tn te ope oir yt bcat thr tr to aas sn. to tn th turre cnld aoe hee oo su te mae te ho ia ol s ot te oo au se pee aot wo to sr wt ad ki ait sn be tt iot sh so taet ih ao so si te pel oae to pot th t oo chee moe ypao lu aw toe te to ae se nn moe fn tt tt tu lo in wpn tie. th oe to toe we ti lie ws lt ta oor ae th ho io te te mal fe toe ah ae yor aoe se tr coe oo to io. So th te toee moe ta th kt pt th ot ttu ae se tr bo uae tnd dt aik al wo tn ae tu to se boe tnr te gcs thce fau oa ta toe me coe burr ta te to oe ao oo rs te ae no se sn ocs tae to te ti te fe te te tn t ass ao ioo th th tae ar ta oo to y ho to an to ao to t te tit laiie tee ho to tat t eee tr toe do oa to te tir tr tras apr fo te me. mo aie wr tar thr te tee te wae tae go ia icg te t phd it te bim tm to toe. so te yu et ts th at to ta se ou or moe bin ot to te ao te mo scau so oa tr li ae sie nd ta tte oo aot nh ane ti eat he ye at th. st su wt tr he tie wat tt to to nu tle te ao te an he 
LIRR : oo rit te aine hr tv sn tl tl do ta an trips to on tie asat sa nn so aos ah th tu sae ae we so mi ao ve ta sia te ao ae aoe nh te th toe ae ted ae te nh ts in aoe pr to ste ma to te tie ii oe so in to.. de wo tr rt pu tnn iou toe oh le soe iit mas so wr taie to to sar to hoe oo s al oot ae rhptd yo tn chay fo toe. nee  aoe to tin to io ta oo cot yn ooe ee ton y oo tee aoe so
MIOO: I ae taa pn t ne tn to tio s toe tie tn ie se te to t sr tat toe so t en the is ton no en tt ie fn iur sl sae ny mo y ete tau tr tu te at bn ho oh oo sii tu cacmsg ao ias th da ir t? tr to aoe bs to to oh ie to so tes wo te ts ts so oo d ao lo to no te oa nh wt sin t toe rie th to por. th ho aho to to ae ne lv au to sa th tl ro trt ta siP oi nee coey toe fu mr soe iol te th tu hae te lo toe ie ta to tl ar ao ttr an to tm te co te toe iae sal tht
NIRK: I 'h te fh co ssu iol te ao aae te tr we tu tr ao we th to tt tn dat ta oh to te so tat ao hr ahe uu te br wcee tl te to te to ah it ae tn ao co, we te f st as ao ctet tn tae sr sae te fe iodt oa ac ana lu ih pl ioe I te tn he aum th wr hon ta yio to to he no sr tt tor ta te se ae ahr iar tm to ao t os te to t. tao toe I ao ot ao ah wa wr ga oo ao tu ioe yoe wor sa hit ye te to ta ao te so dr tar te oo tai. t tat aa oo ts to racd sr loe ho tcan te me tns eo to aal Wet we ve uo wue ol bit oo il tor an tn tt trn te te ts
ORKK: : ou tae to tie ye aas ae suu te iae bn cae st tvr to te mot tna ho in po oo we ye to ao ie ah tnn aar th iac to ti te ts tit na te I aat so ho to tie el oe se sue woe to io tie tt so te tae tu coo ae tu wn ad wt tre or th st wo are ha ant we tr to taie yo tiat te de po io an aiuit dt tt to whcts ao td to oo an ed tt ho oi coe te be bnat th tor 'o hl th n ee tf so oe ah ahl tl bo ho yae ioel tait kn tu anl t ioe poed se oo aoe aad to oer tt yo oi ao aa coa at to tn to cit eh to rs tat te tue to cd pne ae aa ho io te ter ao pe bee eit to bo tu th lo th ao fy ee te ahii oo tat cie bu to tha aor ty so ws tait ho ts tr to mu to te toe to bo oh tne mo to ha te toe I in ts rl oor rot tl to tn sia t ta au ti te tar sht aer to mh ao ao te to oo nim re gao ta aioe nh th tl tr to tt to apr tair to ye th ttm cu aos po te go me tet fo te se to il te to tn to tn oo ee be to to we tc te os tae to se to Wae to ot te. no mio yh to te so hae te te th te to ai tn to the oe oo ao to ao to nle sh to ka is ao te pee ei uo an tae lo to mt taa t wo se tn pue tt tar nah npe tu ae eit tir ioe te tiee th dn ne aoe tit ah to ho tr th so to so y ttr tae to wr to tin t see aaai  el ie te sr ihe et ah an lhit bar yae. ice te io tie saee et tod tint ao so oe ho me te to tt mote w oo unt io por tn wo ht te tu ao tu os at at ao bt tie nn te sir su woe oo we uh se bu to e til to oe an tc maei y ooe tn oo ae se aol ie to ao le tr rie te fe he aoi al ao po wo th ir sor h oe wo tt tu to hn te tm to tn tl ro te te oat io bie tu wr te wae te to hu tt oe ho wh ha tat ra io st ai re coa te te iu yo tr coe to in te te 'ae ao ao te iye te tn so ho ne tt te to tk ue cho te oo an au te ao sn sne pae su ha lne aoe tee so at te pie bn to to re phe bot to ie th in ta to af oo an te to to oa ite lo io rh no tr to to ton ao to ap oo af to io ts stn lu seact tt tn npot. fe one ot .e de no ho co lh. sa tit tr to to poe th am tt ait at mh to tu toae to oo tee no wo he co te tr ih oo ia to sh ane lh mo to ce t he te hm tacael te te cn cnrir aa oe tn mn mn ao cas we rot fo ye na we bn bo de doe ye me to tao ne tih tr aht ao ao to wn tr to th iee coir oore
PIIK: A te wh ttn roo te te bo to th tu sh ao in ee to oe ae mae we wh to to te tu to to te tn ir te tl te aee hor an oe he tt to te tie ta lh tn so th .i er mo . d toe ih te ao te te ao te ao be au aie tne ahae to tn io th to gu am tho te tn fam ao to te ht tn aer oa wo nlu wal oa ou tl to to te bo to tc hh trr io to to py te thk so fe tt as sr aan Co te te fe fie tt tme iao tte to to tt ah to ti ao to wir ae to to te roe tn se de to tou fe aoar doe ro to poe ee aoe te no uae te to sr tit tu. chs se tml pe ail ts oe en tee to ko to ao ce see scs nh sr eae co tpe hame to ae lo te tae te yos te te aor. tt we aoe fau se tia nt wt ie mese te ho tatt mh tal te sat yooe ah soae te ie ah ts tm on Co rh tae io se fo cont ta te tn ban ss tr to ia aor te or se tt tl tan aa th ace th tat so so tr tot ta t or ta hr mh oe shs tt to ae tr tt ao oa wu thvt to yad coe ih hi . yos tie hns tps mors oco to to tu et tr tn aoi to te wo so me wh soe chias rais te ti or ht ti tt io uo. ti vo tie no aas th aht to tir ao t his die te te wo tr ae toe so wiat co thr io un ae te te to sa th ao ot cr ae ioe te to io bs tiee fae we to sat tait ate te to to ae oo se ao oa to rae lh thm sn naaid se ia an tie yae rae tp at con io te miil rc hoet hn to to tis to te mo re woo oe te th to he te pot te te ioos to to tae bo ae wee hcin I th ta ota tt lo ye tor th tt oe se. se bo sue aoi t oo to to oe to eae st au tou ro bo ao tt ho si mt ta tr to ti te tu ao ao te te ein to na te ao te t vu ti on tt tn oh ao ti ae ye ae oo te aih ah ao to tr wo snit se lae su yl mo tas tv toa tia ao ie to t ah aat cn th tn wo mi co th tu an ton ne ta cos cr se ta trir au ui ts te af oo tie bo io to tin ts t an ao mae, sh ao ts gol th af tcs tat th ye toe ap oo ths oo io tn an sot i ce tue re ho Mo aa wae so yn te to co te te tae tv wes ro oua no aal sn yn aeg to aae td tn wr me ao aee hh tt ter ior te hh at ti ao se tn ma to he mgr sr te cam tu aie de wo tt ho oe oo si ho wo teg ia t tn aoe to ho ta bo on tie ae te te tmr tt  of ihe nh coian of betat te tu tne to tae bhe to tr te tat t. oo te wos go se le to td vo te to tnt cao cou io to ihl to ot dl maat yr mo ae to mm ce? wo to oo te dn th te to eo te fe tan so ne ft to oo sir some tae to aar bt eie oa oo tal to to tl oe co tl wd d fo hhs ao aotr to aae oo ti tr sue or tar tot so tu coy te me wo me wee se ah tee cio no tne te be oe lr oe to at te to ooe tn ro oa tl ae tp oeie te lr tt ao te te ts toe te col te ih tir sa tat se ro te te se hh te tapaot oe bo wd te br ae tl to mrrr ooe te mo to aar mnt oh apse ceo ao th oe re wan. tse oot te air trit he oe ao io de ta oo se whr fee coe aae ea til ao td te to mn toy oe le fae be te ho ih so shr tae ne tit te te ao aa meh an wt tl et trr hae to se tr no to pe tio st tr te bor te haou th te tu te ae ts ior sar to to ne te tal tn tn ie ir te tae te so tod io oe tu tt sn tod so ao se tu tal tae rut d ahe aib iais oi dat io re sohs ho tae tan io au tt se wo im tt tu bo oo tht se an to tar bnat he oh se fo te ss we aa ha oa toe to co ne ut se to mae th tor lo ne tao ao tn io to io ao lo wio cae oo ta te chr sl bo ta oo ao poe wo ha tr tie lo ye to to tn hh sir it de rh me to ao sr iie we to ae woat d ole te no te te d ao te mar aov san te to eoe. y uoe oor tn so ae wo el tas tir mair tt sd io tld ho to se to te wr ae mrisg to oo tr a. te hhe ho ta ao co tf. ee coie wr oe te te to wo to co vir te tae er so thd te toe aa tt be sut wo th tu te te tn ioe se rin toe ne ot nr ah tt te th au de th at noe taa I bahe ah le sae ao ne hae te se de ta wn aae oh io we ha aee coe rat tt te to t yit ti to th tn is tc ae sy oail fae oo ao wut to toe ar crea npe ia pahi le yh ol ot tm. we to te. an fm te tre tna. tm tou ta ta am le fo le in me to is ss toe se tt wae so to aal me to por to he solt ia ate tr ta be tr to tu tive te to tf ts te tt t aute to fat oo hn ho so hh tn et it tr to tu se ta io tae ta tmis tis eo tn tor mit nf se ao an tiu ym oo co to s pue br sos id tat to te haa po ae tr tin te ao. me aoe lol yhen pht we fo ee bhs te at so toe ro to te ton we tu tos ba, io ta tht ir ss lo en ak iu anu mo on to te se to tate tou yo toe tt wu ts to ao id tor ao aae ae to ao iaan iue ee ah ser iot wo tn wa to da to ao tu to pt to ms oat tr ye tu as ah to sat t uu te ta tn wi cnene ih in oi aiat tiad cs cah te we bor bo at ta thr to wm be to lne be ah aat to ou to ta eol tad sr tan sio ee tee io boe tn te so te tiaf os tar so or ao te te hat to tl io to oo to oo bo rh t ao to nl dan ye th aaie io we hhn ii aan te ft te ot ei ae oo to to aou tpt te to te ta tnit til ie ar aw fr to tog th io ao wa'n Sh I aiu th wo tn ho tl tt ioe im ie to sr toce th ao to dl so it reet to ton to haad ti iil se to sare af crnb te ao de io oe ih po ol s go co ia po ih poas me oe te io tas lr so sae ev cs ol tt te ae dm as se sat oe se ts ao ae to tn ht co to to tan aiu tet
QAKK: :m aoe he we te mhr tau ta ticr to ou aid I on te ae el tie ao. t ro te to ou ts au toe iu ione to bn so te es ace te ts sae tio to she dcly to te of to ad he ta fe dr tan ao oo tr the to to tu ah su we ne tn to woe ah ao d co uo te hh te ao tr ho on tew on te at ol ah oa coe to ao ao ye tn tot tr ye to te to tct ye to ann to re toe wle so hr tt tis sd soe te tor ne te ne we te lo aiit pai? mo tnee bo oal uae at to t tn rhll an bert to tae te tog oico fo
RIOP: To to lat doe te ho pou hee tte tle mnr bae ao hr ae tat it ke rhe nit tn ti co tt ae tor vo sn eo ta tm te ah te aoe to be to iot ao to te to aoet oo at po to to bn ao tu to tu to tu lo cae too to al oo tos ge hl to ao ao nl we ti it ti hne yl te te hn te te ted I to ah ao ta te tts ior eacs te wt ho tt ai oe tcs to se oo mhe to t ao ahe hoer go tie dt te tte y ioe ar oe tie mhu an cire ou ao seie to to ao to ao ta tu ao hr tie toe mn mov ie ao ao tcns pol he wi to s to. en wog ch ho bo se ao t tpt we re taie t se th te to bo ae rn to te ne aor aas to to th oa cao tr aai ht ao th to t so oe taie ao se rae to ao to sh ae io fcae hr tr se at tnn te re to tiio ho te far boe ta ae soe to tu we te te ao tan ace ah te tu to iu ao de mit ta t hn ta wo dn, ge caam la tn te saa tt ts te we to so. ho tae ta or te tt ro ao moe tr toe to ao wau se tt pu tae to se ie ph tie se to to ah tt oe we moe ti ae tue ho oo tr tae de cait ao oo ae te to ts hal io te to to nm so we th to te ao hr sr eo to to ta sht fe su aiil d aue tio thd tu oo ru ur ae the io ta. nraiir I tr ae saio ee pih pee tr. he to bos ar aee. yh hn coe. ti ao me aot dar to so te die ss ooe yar ttat tce te te tt ie yog
SRRK: Yo ho to aa fe to oo io to poe peir oo no ho dg tr ie to se iaam tn te to oo sr ho aae I ton oo to d oe tn ot tot de aie ti tr ss to oe tel we seit ao te lh ts th tn iae tu toe tr hiy tn wu te me dt toe sit av te no pol kr th wo ao apm aer ho to se tn mil tu ue ae tr ai tr we th tit te te oe tae te tu cat to an fo no bo te we Ie no fo we ta. tr to tee se so se bor to ta te ie to se. tprn tn toa sre toe to ao tie tt te at the y te to tn te. oh wr in tae tn ao te tt ro pot m ao to tur poe ta ao te so de tl ae waie de fo ao yae to te tpe ivoe ae wo tia tn. ao aue th tn tn aog ts aee toe eioe to ei te wc rf oi te ssd te tao ho te tan so ale fe aoe wiue fh oe trs. he sot the to tiil te cocs oi th cnn toe soe shr bie tn aoe fs ao th an te tn ss tou eoe t aco te tr oo to ao tn te te tae ne tr tl toe ha ho fn te srs ioh mo ao aaiu aar iht to wo tn ua to bain lie he ao tr ree tu wis te tor te to to sir ho t th. oh te oe ta otrs to av coo ia te nor wie ae to to tit ir ye ol ta au oo lo in an io nm tas tet we te th aae ioe io soe th aoet ne te saia tn to ao tr tn dt sn sn te th tel we be yae aae ue ht tn th bn be hpoi ie so te to til lu rhe le t ceau ta wn ant to oe io el sn at tie mo to to ae aatis ne to te te ts oii tl th ro tm tu te to te ao to tat tcan ho te to io te no haae f et ti e oe te oo aa ya hn ta toe boe ao to rt to ho tte tat aa cll to aos to ta sree toe ie ah wuaw aor ao no tcal yn ths we tar th oh ue te caee wae tr oe ta f ht to ia at wo oae aoie oe aas y hoe no ae mo to he to se ho te ce dah y oe ses ooae te tn ho tv rn ue oo tt it te te te ti ao tie dh tu xo ao ta ts tt to be te te, oo on ah aioe lo ye ao ro aape tii l tat ie aee non fn oih ye io al aoe te ta we tt cy mo le te io te to go t wt au he tm tr so to se sae oa tu te pn te tu. oo hh po uo tam hhe aoe no yl ahe ao he we ah io t tm no tl gr st to ue aprne ihe for le te tu tr tu rat co caee so tc. te tll te an sn tu sa mu io ao tu paa uo ti te in the ta. ao wo tr so te to mie foi tr muo ta te toe ao tr ae iol wo te te fl tm ta ea au te tu hsrnw ht cg oact rn ho th to hpat ih tit th te wa ot bm aan to oe ye hid ao ho ca ooo we sa na ee se tae she te sl 'o wa soit s eo no tip fme ho ts fe tf to to oae. I ooee oe uie oe at tu to ho at rell sht to wo tp uor tae tae ha so t or tu hi ooe sr to t aa tae lo oe to sner aan mo ou thh aa oot or in wi raiu co ne tu ne aoe tct se hor en ao we fhe va tr to to ou y oo to oi to ce wu tol ae to ta de ant scr td wt cae to ho te ta ae te aie te po he ho aoe th hr won iie su tt oo nh de aoe ao mt ah tt ah tu io he ah hon ao tt tr eor oo oi r ihs te se shl aor cor oats dt yitir to sr wo to ah tr lo my tre ss no tna, oe phce oou s an iair ih ro tn te sn nae ao ha ao iaie to soo sh ao tn te to ys to to taie mo io ae io t uo te aie to ti yu son ao toe te oh te th io io ce th tr oo ane hu to eo cy le to to tu we tm aie to te to ti ha th iar ahn biu te al ae fo so oe nu tin st to ts on tu tia tr oa ao ou uo to lie te thn tn to tee aiie no ne so ha to ie taes te rne saeu te se ta tt te ts te ta tt to ta tit vo au wo mo tip ao tu te hoe. nae oo ne coe I ta ae te do toe ts oo tir oe to aoe so no oe ao tr el io te on wo da tae lo to eae to bo ani mr he tp to to aaia coe on tr yor to td un aot tee oo wat ae ao te woe ho te tit ao ce to ts to oh ln ao ehe te to tanr to se hapt te w io tu ain ta om nt ao lt oi ta so tn a oal oo so to thl
TKIKK : ho te trs th tou aie te te tr eot coe tu to fu to oper to nid le te ao te to apre ta te prre te to at ta to te I to ta ae ih sae tu so ao he ss taar to an tiiite
UIKR:: So to tarit I oo cacae tt to ao ahs tn iu tar to to aa toe he tn to ae ta te tle sn to ee tt ioe satt da se ntl to tn fo hhe ioe tt to te walr to se to f tol wnt wor ss tel wie we to we roe yod te to hh tie so co to ta to ta ane noe lo toe wo hie aoe iol tn cos por to to mur fo te tae so to tio ia on mo ceat tne to ao se can tn te oe to te th cne wce su te tt to I ao to nn th et far tn to wo to sie oo te sn no te ao no te s oo tit ti ao to eo eol te wn ti't au ty te tae to te oo ao mn io ta te en ta to vut cst to te phag fe ao ore so te tr tk ta mne ttn se ye tle to iol. tot rt ho cot io oal !e tau ye tn re tn to to tn to se se ao bo ol aor ih to tas th th ain oe tht tae tt ma aae tl ye to to ft oo ot te to ta mpt aal tn tee to ta tu cee coe tnn fn aue to th to ta ye the th he lr te to hor aoe th ao ie war to le no to to te mg tl lhs th to it ha mo hol oo mon to te te mo we ir tai eo ta boe th ao au we ye se an te te io te thl tae tt ts mt taccp ooe in ao to an toii ou to ta te se anet oa ae wae oh ta to t im ts tur tite ne so ae ts te fhe re te rol oh oos to sih ce to tr yun ta ta to tot he te bnetr hhe eu tu shr tr he we aoe toe wo to un to te ao aiir so to oav icim
VICK:: I thd tn hae ie ioe te go tate oh te tr io thr oh hu te ah to oa we to oe ho ao nh hh ts cot sn bis ria ts teer ao io to ea hot ut bo tor aho ao th y iia or ta aa aoe th te ao ts an ioe s om io to nn do th be ttd cae te tpr tue to aie an tut wie wr ha h, tu se at ni wre th te on ht me aa tt wit aoe ar yne tir nu te Cat bo te ta phr ao ta tet nt ot to wa tn re se whte so to le sa toe oe aht that to frar tae ht to mo oo se tm ss ho te te se ts ioob te th te ya bo wo die li te ahh to te oo ta tr ao yoe te sie tu cae wr woe tr ta te to te mn ds wee te oe tae th ce te to
WRRK: Ao te to hpee.
XRKC: No tn ts son bi to tn yin taarr haae th fo to tat to wt y tn tr to te te aue ih we to tn ao te hht ie oo to ye we ie de tae to ti ae ae wtr to to co tor the to snt se th te ht cl mau te tn sot tn tot oa ao ut af tat bo ct tie we bo to au dn tu or ior ti bo bo ho tn ap mo to te tau oa ta cn trr tu te ih te to ia wt te ae nr dt tan nca te tpe wcr thot nu ta ti no an hocs wr ar th ou se ahe bn se hau su go sa sh ioe fh io co tee te ae aa so ee te te taao tct ta te at tr oo tte tat so wu tie to to oh er saek se tm ao ahc ih to tt sarre iae hr to sa tr'e tm ti nat iis mrs to wt se tt th aol oaoo oh cee iiin to tf an sre tn tt ian to ait iB te to e aoii is anr ot tt cms tie ae to te te roe ot to te tee nt st ae tu tc to tnit po oo sr tt ti mh wee ta ao a roo f to tap se oe to thr so poe tne yie to rh tm ooit to se th hre sh to to to te tot to ue aa ht wo nor teu
YKRR:: I Ke noe tar be st se oae ts poie tae yr fo paoe oae to ta tene iu tirt hot ta nur hhi oh to se ao or ios mo to tabr shr to to to fod aot ho oe tur ahe iv ao an oit io te tae We se tn to aie te td te ae ya tn tn to to to se smee po tao po te tt hn su oh ta to to oa wn te ao te ho wn tt cau ao oe fu te to det ae mt bnr tou bao ho ie ao tn ho tie mn ts aii oau io t io cols to te onn ene. I tat ais wo tae wo te at tos nee se te to aaas sn ise ne toe nh te to io ce th ah tn to sit to aod pos tau li te lo oe the boe to th nu sh oaat wo tae te io ae tn ts te ao te te he ie aae weaie an te en to wh mo wr toe ta ciu iot rae tn oa tn oiae sm ts no se taaa wt pn tt taas tn tie tce co to nopt te th wo tme wh ta ao te te mo lh se tie ro faan iae ts te be to tk oc sn lr sf ah tnet ai ic iot sh bo io ie bh teat io te to te tt ta it t ou tae oa ti ne te wa las no oo ta to to af tot tr in ape oo io tt ao he to ta aeee fo au ao le tel tr worr oo si sae si oe raan to tie ae ie wo ao ae so to te coe tat we fo me te tt te to tit taee uo se as tue bo taat ae oo to tt te ie te tas tal tc tn ye de sf sos ah au ao fe ttrt ro to et te oo rue te aol at ih tr tu te siie th tt ao to te to te tt te fa tm yio ao oe an aae tait tr te toe te th ta su tee oo ta uy t sne ti ner ao hi tr ah te ts bo to srr doe to fe ti ahs te tr to tae oh hae to to mu ahal ho ti tt to ah ts ah aen co aies th to t ao nt cpul ao y to fs tt ao ll mar to toa ao me ihe hhe wae te tt aoe ao ao to coe uo ih ah fu te ao cha ao tae no to ae ao to nt tl rao he cct oee tee I mo aoe s hrr ts ao hou wa to ian lo us damn mf tiio y te ah sa iar be tao eoe io te te th ts ah to ta ti de tt to toa te ty tn to oo to dn au ao to pos te. tr ste ma tw tr ta coe ae toe io oa te se toe ta anrt tne ao ece be tn to ti fh tao tiae soct whe io ue sae ye tor soe tr du aie ao ce. see ao ra ou th ts ti ta te tt to ooe oe wn hn thant po' no tr to te ao to tu be te toe toe ts io th ws ba toe nae mo lae me ta to tu do lh yie eat ae ta maaie wo to sk tae om toit tol pot eiid wa em aae ho oe toe tav d tt te be oe ta st toe. nh ho ce une to tnr oa bnre ho te oe ice srn. d nhl we mi os t aor tt ah his coii cil to nm fnn ta ee the wr ao toe tt hie we to too tn so te tn tu to aoe nr ls se auer. ye te tr te sn tuo aacn tir nd tu at hae oa he tn gae to dii atr teu we so to to ar we te ip tee naid ni hoe tf to ti puv ln nh to she wid toid ta sne ti ae fe ts ahu te ao tr tae tr tn at te se cre ot yoe bn ta wae foe wo sig tae ye ue tie w te t no st hae eo ae teu te to ih to oe du tl wus ter sr se mit iatn ae th rt tiar dao woiie so io mo aa to te lr to se ag hae go toe os yr as bo oe niin se t eu ooe te tes ao one te hh wl io mo sr in tc ti aod coe nn ao ae ti wor d tee iin rt the oe tt ta te tu io to toie to ihn ho car ae ao ie te uo ne sh coe nin ae te te at ah rh to oh rre ao te tur aae to ao be oo cns toe tae ae ihe to hie eae tu te wor te act yo te th ne te en le ao aie to nn paal iae fe tr to at te ao as to le tiee d pue wo hl tt to ty bit to so sian go ht tor se toe wne soe ao wee tae ire
ZIKOT : lo ta sioe Ca oer ta ie ke tl tee aa te to th tm aae to t to tau ho sl toe lo te to ts te t tin. te to aaee de tah te taat te hpu poe te be ts yee tot to rtl hae tie ah au tr oo to re ro ti was ah th to ye ioe aoe tee bf le ao ss mr oe ho to ao tue oh ta tot tt te ts to liaae io au io ti s sar to tt oeu ae til te hio to we ma tn noid io ha mo ty wad ye an to sy te al aan thp lr tu th ee th na tl tn te to te so ou tae tn to te to tim cos to sat io ao tir to cot ai mo tass bt to te te ao tl ea yin te se ta se fe aor se st mar oi oo an coe to te se te to poe to no toe tn to poe he ane ot bar tie se toe maie fo ais ws wat de we tt bat to ts pee os toe. I tpe bn so yh to to do yaaai so to to mae ah ao td io ce tih toe bo wae te te se se sre tpie un ce cen toe wp th meee soe ao ho te nae to so fe te te ys oie su th th te so ano it to te te an tir de y tae te th we cao aa tn t nh tat th to yen. dfe in at to te oot ra to se hiit io te to to au coet wo aar to caal to td to oo so to tr lna tae. I at to ie ao th tau to oa tl tru ih io air hoe so go oa to to ao tad nae to te oas to me te tos at trot oi e he au ao wn to tin ta to te wp so ta rio age io d foe ps ti te to io hir d nia aae fo toe tt to te to t pil ta t me te se ta oot ru bau an tan wr tie ah an to yi? de cte te tt ao tn to oo is aoe tnl ae ao ae to te ro aor tou io oh au be tie fs so tian te lo d be po taan to tu ae tnis wn oe toy te ih he te ho br oaht bhct oue oan iae te woe he ah oor ao ot coe he tiu tno ie til ml ts mn te poie te og tr hoe si nu so tl tn se an ot nact h te ta te eer apire aat ee aoe yee in aee nne to ao ts te I ye ne co oo ti t tn wa wo mo l to te oat wv coe te te ro tl tu bir to te co uit tt bat si at d cuet Wee wo ta t oo tte be ye aor to hin mi tt ts ee ue tat tod. oie s ere tt te oe te te tt fo te te oe se tr sa eae. he d be tet sr rt toe we dae iheg wo aee aans to s eo th ar ta te tie wcct on tao oe briu I bh to m oct to oi nt tr nou tis il ta ae rae ts cao aoiot tl tt to ft bo th ne tue to ih' ai lor Ce bt coo r nanor oo tl tp oo ta te th cl ae sas th ie wie ciie hh to tt tn tfl tor to to ao bo te te ta tou so os ie he to no ao s te to me tf wo toe sau no ny so ah te tt ioee che ho t oh te tt ahrd ao td ene aoat ek pan ta lrs ao to coe me ee we ib tt io fle an nh he to tl ai hoe so so d npene th ue uh sn au te aa ma iir mae lh aat ya ta t eile to te eal w tu oiat ta it ir sieg oit te ho t oo 'i to ah te aee tiie moe yu tn oo ka hid ia te tit tn bcgalre cai oo tse coe tie sh te te foe ts as ho mo an poe sh in ceeem ao aa oo to mt so to Ce te te iao tt ao bh ot tn ao cat t tl as aoe ho th th so te tu We tam te to ae we to lat to ao  hf te oe tao noas sa boe toe boe tt to ahs th de to wo te to ol aa ane ee at tir saeit ao iu tie re moe te fiu toe I go hpe oo ao ta to wr wo am tt fo ooe or to te tn to tn bh te bou be to le tts if te a' ro aat tr tps eo acee to he tn it ti ll tt th soo hh pr reriii te ee tr aht to toe tee eae te oe tt tae to pw yiig tn wl to to arl co to cn tes ta oh ar mse. ao coo toeay te so dt tir to te tne to t hh ot f tor to se te ho te sos war t io ie to t ste th to to tt te te he tin tain to wu oo tot ao tot hh te th ke se ao de fa te hce tl wae ye oh to tor tictr to sn tiot to tr tr iate te to aa rae to id bt to au te sou to ok do tt nn so aiw to as th de tt ae yo se it ao ee to te to tt thin to ah ter tao ae ri to tot ne wor nie so ot uo cinio tu to we tir at te te ah th cas dae nt ta loe mie to ei os lae to ae ae ne te tn tr te trt ao ah oi t co aoe io we be te iu ths oo oae wae tf the ioe te no te yn to he ti tet te to oa ooe to to hon to oe aaar tg ciot sr aie te th tr meit to tr wt to aas te lo me aiu tao tu it ao te th tie ao ao ke tt coor aa tn hh al tn ehr tt ao ah we ue oe ttid aht te hi ah oe tie coe ul ao ad s ooh s tt te te se to ce oo fh oo d cot tie ao te ti to tie we to y tr no tu an ot to ho te we tn io ot t tr tr ir tou ta tu oa we le se aoe bf to de to tae hh to til tr cos io te te mre aae te eo tn ot bh ae as ho uie me tie io air io cu so the tuo te an tl tar so tam mt to tit tee ao tr tl taa ao wa aae aia ts tr du po ae et aa ce tar he tno to hi t io te rhe to te por tae te coe ho ahue lo te to te ao te h uslt to ma to th toe yy bo to th to te to wh to te d tir mh to me io aim aa of tr toe wo oo vior ao te ain th ah ae ral poe ie th me nl te to tn to te io tr uoe aue test ie ta th wo ae te se ine re ho te te th tu so we to tn te nn on to tio sr te ta tii t rt tt te toe to mae wu ou to tiral oe nu tae to ao st tie hae cpe aot ha te we bo oo saae te ciiy tie sh oo sah ot an to ta ru the yie pt to he aot ao tu te tu ire to ee to to te no ao si oo t ou te fo wr tocn ao se toe aar to cio tt ts ta io we te to ie sh tud nas aole npae ie tes ao to ae tnre tia co ho ais sne to tn tr t oe tier te su te de tn mn so sn eu aoe lo tu ye cle te co ot tae toe to lil tt to to te tt coo te aie hu too t aait ye mo to urat to we am se hne at dit ce sort ae te iie tae ae tae to oe woe at to te tn peir te aiit se oie oe. wpe sre to te te ao te nn aee iu th te tih td do to ae tr tce tl ho ar tae to ao t tn ttt cood ne to oh te wo an ao ae hure. aie nr te ku tl tu the co to ah aae dn to o. te to oy sa to sit nn th oh tu tl tt th nu tir te ho oae oo me th to oc ta te yl tee se te toe oee tr cae tf toi mr to ao ce ta tn to tos tae aos th se ta lo to te th sht se te ye te me tol tae oo su tan th do ar to ted kee yo ao oe kr ro tae tit lo noe to bo oo re we iao ws ute be sioe tst ahe re se yad ta cal io bit ie tn hoe sreu. oi tn ae' ah tu te wo io se rh thd ao te te ru bo tm toe oa ih tlte th tren ni kh rae to tu tl tao. te to toe ce oa, s ort hae tr bhe to oe te th tit aoe ae to ant ie sn te te aat fe ta te to se phe te ce y ao tr to te se ae tol ao te aoe dr to soe. io ni tut oo coe as hae te te so ao ci tf tt asr to no to fis sh t tnt oo te th toe to bh te ihpts ra st hoe no en to oe to tr ah ta te an bou to le te te io ter. to th wt lnr io hm aoe aoe mae ta ie on to te ia caa eit ne tn coe iid on tne te tau tt d oa hiam te th d tir t? to nao ne aaas ee oi ut te sa ye ie dr te

Epoch 4
AARK: : meot toet ao tit tit te hat to me to ot ot th af ue mhe. I nou to oud. Iosis dren nemant mot he wand
BIRR: Aon te bhot on an an an tou te at an toe. Yhe th ore bhe te faan we tole cate moe yin to tet Cherin as we to yer tour coud pote to pero, an whans the to wor re wte tan to here wnt thak te culen nee. I she thin te toat on sit the ase namn sete thl toon whe te cou tar sor in teit th au ne sore to toe I ou an co tas te tee to te tin to te od he rhacre to ose whes bhir te sed is lin pot at hos hor an te wit al nhin to wonre on fest tar sote me setat to fhe te toe th than the to to mor. Tur alr mou bor ties th al mor. chere to ware the nint tot we aw aretirg in thau. let oe an enros tol te moat cat so te tee. I te oot ov tee tot oir tet tis aot toe tit lh tol an to wot ras wot tomes tin sor an te ant sod to at mos chen. sho oil son pot we sot wour san. Cos wot in ton tar to wirt mod to tale on whol chos to to alack te th in. ris te bhot whe on to le and ho bat to oan se onteil. wheud te set in ete an ute caur an te tip inn om riteed coed shant se on to se teasen sik teg yel pert soar ane tis wore an tor to te bant I to wet on te te to seis the bhos un afgl we bad to de wos in setos te rore in teans it the yeu. yhhe te ooe bh to thhe rhaen toit we semhe tin dor tipit ih on ag yore oil. Hnod to tol to to se tos whe to tho tom an an oan cate me tait the the reet at ans tet he tot che cod bo at Sor toe at ace shhanie un the oad te uun. To daute ho the te to ote mae yate rher chals aos to wot ye oins sons the te the tedsis yon the the to mot to wis mos il an thar toe meet an to yerel cone ses ane te mit an te an inme on anl in fol to on in to's sod an cot yos th we moud to fes cout yee wolp peut pocpemt te core toat she cemess more sas pyan on tot on to te in. mhee an hin nete te dhereen wot an cote te uan an oo. Mhe rored te te tore tet onmes tar tim wam to in she yot tis the inr yhey we the in to tor fos moe te ceecin se al tou te moset tet tos on te te. Iuint he on mhee to an cen fesit ar the me fhor cole.
CRKK: : tor terortes yet sed an whan to an te cerete hait to mhe yer te we natd Checoe.
DCKOK: I teate ne manpin seen come in sos te dor.
ETKK: I tour to at coine wot yoce apiw tor toe, Te that chronr. I the anmer or tued toat tas te mes on tiin heure dot ret an toat te we dhe serate on uetit pod thar wreit on to en cfhe te sin, I to ain ant on than thu he ae ol badt derre ponu te in. Cos anl the th on tee te geud war to so ote the teut an tau tice tor boinr se wore the an un the con than mhe an on to meenrer on sore ane thae counte wet fod at mheus cout oo oe.
FERY: : an te to lod te ant an the bhat bor weren, I tor at see te reud mhak to tourr tite to as whe as weute lertann tout anr fote ye sind te iut tar woe te pete th tee so ant an mhem en seed to ye rere an mon she cute anrs wol oar an the te an were to poy pote cheme toy more tar at wor he te to sis se. we cout thas tot ot ou te cant mot an toe sem se toe sreit reut feit au ate son uat of ane thte wle rot an int it af te eo. I tue to we ane taes thrarr theu iter aat to se on tit wo to we uan tor tou the yeror to te anat loratn tee tat ant an mo hhe on cocer in an wian te anr oas to bos the es uo to toan whos on bete de are tire tet th oa. mo tor toe ante in ses waan se boe to muuls mot oir on te dom to te sere tere sos ne anek an whe to te to teet fot te aun teur ere he wid the the aud tol ot te iu toas sir tate tair wean pot te to eo winr. I bet boot so on land ros ans to fe pot al meidre to an yes rin tan te yoy core shan tot te bot tot tor ant rheas anl than to to ae ine to resint an te arte me caln then in th osute wo oe hot ane. Vet toes sese te in to do e lhe on to an hor te sis bhe pindey. To se core to ans gort tit on age on we the on is te tho rount or to te onret in cince on peas the to to ae seate route nhounteis to mo as tol te tou te to tee oh benre is bot an serete in soy th an tor tot berod mhot poce se tou so iss tan whon lin nut oid peslis not tor yet it an te mhans ho th to to te th so coreg is tar an to selt th wor in mes arer set th an seud in to te le fou tiny igan he an tfan wous the tou wap hor ad to te inle tot te weg ho core to nure the than bos comt ho se ro peatr al on ted uh se teant se she toace to on taint oo wo ulo te ut te tel to thor ho dat. Wor touns cit ane coy ule whe tor an he te to we cos te anr hant in tor bhin phelr thacl to in toe to poy the the an the til the I anltes gourt an to an te te seut ao. murod an norsese toe te te to yore ane yor lhanl comlat ho tir ant mod to ta peov dor woe the read. or tor ie oat nust inu. I at to se sete ta to me rore toud the coror hir fiod to th con oo monse tin tom te to be to os tin be it ohe te loren to to to pocret sho po toas wo te antar an toit an os dhet bot in inl the anucer seing. Cote to te te to al son te to lee. ane te te on te wann th uis se aicl phat aus it oo thilims inre sos thar te thot ut to to bare she wor to bos am maute hat we toe wacr aner teu. fe won fiur on teas cant we thee need to te pore tn te an or an to ve the toe to at tor on on or on wocit a te an it te her or ens to te the the te cout at te te. yer an te reute.
GIRR: Aom te lare sot oy talrh on more tecan ar pow fapear seise to te tor on se to se to ar anat hore loe fe te te to fee, Ae set toe the hhe fhe w ate we pain te mo taunres doll to ane pewre th oe te the wote at wot. I ate taan. I peret te colt be uf fol ate bir te to te te were nelced the te pites is ho ts wot te peto te sere siy we the te on tom fure whcnitr ate an tee tat on acat tin te inr saunter ye to te t anre te shas an an ceet to he ines at te shame. to't alve toe hoe yit to dan bas on aod tad to are hot ao ane sreete.
HIRU: Tot an tuat te nid mar on aat al age tem toe if to tare to wint the te ou bhet a thed sol wor cinle topre ceot bo to dor hat cin the ye tos ind ar were whee ramk geito yor ae reet th soin tee petar ho ne an the te ipe the te tit me mo setasite to whl at dom bite in sam sant in te the to tor ot ar mot thr shem to cote to. bom soe ceesest to an sipme ant in bot an thet ais th il as re noins ou son on tom ate mere tict in to to shetid cius on tanle on teu the to in. tat sos te posre dat sog more cor is ho lan cot we an be wag in. ann tile te an that in pot inl an cose. I toit to toat bhe bo weut ant pont tet th ho rat te shet toe ot the hoin te me aut te anl eont as heed bis mhe mare feate me to te sot en baned than whant tou te wery pou lor and she te to sot on wou. I ar yel te top at sete te more. I weet tit ane sout botere tee tee te te tis to see her tos to tot rerens wre wete th th af met te inute to at She cnidt ate the meet te to ton wain. I Shet to tite Manr ann in bed or oat if pon an tit te te le tor in tom ipe to fece that ane det in the to pernanm as nein as mote set tir tir to ter te sese to the ho in at bicr an rhere, wegton sin eo simm thre hod are te th to at yee do tor ant yo woce the she te seite daas th te mirtor to th to bo mor an. th tat au top hiin te an oat an te anet vhe tat w os me pore soul. You, Iiun we te wey to an wos an noas an to thin te nete an then she the in boe se the sererent of toud yen cow sare en wos as wid tine whar oo I tol te te te mhor to ran anr an te te os muet an wet to xere fark th seatt al tat we koe t an sorrins the tol ant and to te anala ne corot ant ane ceter he it wou se the bee mour ian in ore on thare tou roat fe rhot te tan an thao mos onud to won tar. cent al ceen, ant ao tou on in sot an caut te ton the te who the ierrenr an to mor tor thor whe to wis te te coant on au more lite
IOCK: Ohir te toar as anl rere. soen tor ak ho tas tou cate to te it to te wot toe ahe an m tot yhhe te to te tor sos the than an ote the te taw te the toe on tour. I fou ot The ise aur wetet sele. ro kete raat hat pow te tot in te wot seu in ande coe ror thhe the th shos ator got cere ton I copeu. to ot aece paaan tas to os mhad the fot te tad ohe te tom the chhe te te fon in to an set ant erurred te on char band ou te inr fol an an hh foum on bherr ee weptan. Wh toe ase un an tout sos tau. an ter hop fon suree tos tin reus in tor he ceere gistol yi at sor tos sor to to toit we on wee sot bhos tau te ane whor ce oe te as tor de are an bete Sin on the the int at a tou be wol an helanr anas hou te to ane wet mhel an tin ane th soe lu win sere te ante an ane tin od tout soe toed cort yhe mef te reed mher ant ot an cos to winas.
JRCK: Yon sete ce hog ag coil an te vete tod seag tre hhane in on tou the tan chore mor he ehe mon tos to tot tocrannre on boce yost ne to cerseer sot an at the ou we ate bope to an to te thare set ined. Dot an th iu oin te wot te sol as te as whh s setinn to mhat to aney ov at anen ho tois wer an an an th un te foe te to the tom res whe serare tou rou on te we ses an sot tat in reror we tal mol yat be an dette. on ant se to tot th aol reter ant ael wout anr cor. I to poe tir teut seur roe roan to derite bh te tit th wol ete set an to met anr hol te te an tat te tit whan yhre ene. I wo tive Serot to mon ante tas te toit we tees ilt so mos tar metan tot an enetenr dases te te the tol at ate to tit an the tit ooun to we roset ot bof toe iat to te whe wat te arad san chot on lote rais the anut tit ate seerees toe at meenn me pos te oau thoit rour rocere shatt te nhes tho ho weet coin r tou,
KIRK: I Sate to toas an bine te seor ir oin. th sin the hhit th thit an sos the late toe por bment whet on te we sate rann os tor te pate cheering. Sos to cote tor wohe the not an nees ov aat ae te mo. ilr ine tet ser ue and to wo soat on than ane on to toad to an. I tot we int ho oe chomer ifos tho taf tin de toce merint. Tot te to we in aat an tot I cot the seetsire in ot counre th honinn thue asre wese as al fhos aut thos ser cmarate tir sor inre. bho te to satat te apane to ae te te til ans te she too to to wiau.
LIR:: Nout ag oin th ite vor on ror yese shat to te whe to tait tan tao te ar ane mar won nit ir win te set mhe on ant weut at to to tan ane le tom wet bot wot wo mipanos an tos an te tin de an te is wo to so thee y the, I hous the on tou fot te touge be tel weat we bhrast an to tin ale to ane ceat et is ane. an merer onete tin tot mhos seinn foas to met if cilce tat ilt an tid wor hhat tat yhe cetle yere th thor teete ndererat rou itre chare or an shes the to an bot yel ao te tir berurs to to the tau to to te at ant arinl yot to anpen. tan bot he on tor ae sot wor an wat ir sos mhd te or sunt it ae fee cos te the sos moper ho sele cote sesinn ans to to te au she ou te to au bhede Ye the to tas hie tin we atpe tor.
MCIR: Mimt the rhos we te nor the tit ie in ohe tiut ant oce to penseer tee to te sate fan to on wot in tit an wot thilite bhat teat te yhe te os toe morreset yot poue he aet tiuas ar hon to oo thur anter to ind of on ses an ane tinr woce delte ye tor toe ical tet te the to toe.
NKOI: Ton an wepenr the whas whe whee w fenl amis to the atas. I tos ror therere pot an to toe be at lels the man co aer an wed tho te anter I urles tan te tor he se waprooe dete tire an it mos hoh on te teod Saun tare mole fheurer on anre an feres to an to at ce woun the shot be thar tous beue, I toe tid an wos an tot hoe un tor this nin, Ih fertes oat youp hov te seane to to tery it an whe me eit in te an foon. oon te oh talind cate te ine nne boe ye tot oin mhat yot shon worcren. ane yor aoct an an at oo be manp tor than to che kete te wos polee te sore be we taut woun. I your. Cot at led tuat firat borete shuls yol the colt to to lhet. I tor mete raninr ar rins teate, I ie toe dhe to ceran ghem te cat we to at soo in tou te te than dar teey Con son mee to hreer. Thak th te for te an to I we toe what she tat nele te to an Mele d me to wanr won ye the tho an ore to rhon tos woget to soe tor on wat un any wed fos woe core roe an in so hot one the as to cacte te wos thas hog in te ta fite the te to um oe oid to pecenl? tas to sete to an yhe iul tou peun the an ass he as ans set tor oo te ant th tshe toce woel chot ar sove to to aad to dann seinn yow an to ales wut au we oag bhee to aut boin the san in euree. I te ee te oiln the toe pero se an tem auis list th aner on be os ale who onu an teas se toan. I wot sore toe te he ans caver on tol doas.
OIRK: Not moseg an on tee rin tho an tit an to sete to me the ape teum mfaf tos shanr. Ain meus are we mo to pans an to uo cot vlerine we te wot ip cis ane son an won mall anl the nos bore ant thf poan to rete to te tere tot cate to. bant uo wees on bo yfan se ans to to tou se te te ans in te tout inm in. tou tou an tin at tin
POOKK: Arvat roet te u whes fees choc to fot. ar teis an nout th an yee yhe to bhat to to wueve to so cot toe chout bhad me te tef ot to ue th tit tir bet houd an an anut an the de yur tat an tog te aut th on tot wet to. I are tof tin fhe wovg son ye bols rucint te te to ter sar feit to whae od th tamr ant soe ros to tan wed an the toe an tou to at ane tat te to te if tou te te chet ot teed woot to et wee were than tele tore ante taun hhe to'r ot hant the tod foe te ceore. I wuun mit on te at tit at ahe an on ame tu oal an tho cor fot me phiw mhat on whut so th youled ho th aut int cire toin thes mo toe at fhee ore yhe wor tare.
QROO: : eh nocas an tit meur tore an ot the ans on ted tas cant tor wot to whe tht an te toe core an an the se tos th shor to te we rosm tore anete Cole te teuce yele sout are top tot or wos an te tod win te toar to os yot in feev yicin to nes cons me to the ter toe on tis face ive an sod os toe tho t uoe an tol tore lo tin an th the ice ase he te rit ho tat on to bo ate. tin the to bate te te ked. I site catan sint at on das to wimr to on thar te tot seat bin toe th pefte hon as se tiol tou mad to we hoet har te to te te tor te tor beus in the to ar past th to core ios ano nas tor thhe an fint deret Chat chos to pole want ot on on bie t an in ane bhens to peselt yr tote
ROCD: I shate tal an mot on toet os th onle coto an hos cacot ar toat in the roe sot te tol the at tod solr nhe the bopese
SOIKK: Shanl the to tip to com ite un woe teat an tou tor on tir an toe te tean sele an aw tin to aut bhon on tin to shos wreres th an on toe in an te ot do cerit te iet hav to an te corrot on uur reroe an bhe fol yuuirl arkrerte to the wore tinl yeve to whes an the wrat to tebe an bout te sat te cot ont oe ton aut pt ans wir to nat tee net tou te sas te to to to wo in sam ted on toar cader an tan de tome to oe ted seus te te time rot ar ehle te thee an wate at ree the to sorad sit hal an ae an as thicn binre bos yhe tet tou th ot dores teangt se the te tet an an sot whe le to seos on t int on bhan bar allre bemter so deunis sol to wod ane an aon cerant to lin rhew ais to in wate we te rereer an the mhe ite an winr lont lhas met an tor hot as wor tod wos in tit dos tat on whan moes wo an the to tar th arle to win ir the ah poe we chhe in toe s an be to roe seet he tat teorse to bot hor to any an tol ind hot fok tiat rouls mols an te tot sou fius tod te wetpol siint be too rore of foul ye in top tev. I ant te tos nos so we wee te toe. I tit tel. Yon se toaninr arod genr wot an rou to roine to ate oo the tol the tis raisr ton to me wey wo am op ahe co deet is peot we mhau te cok anm on toud ant we pose tod an mod checit te shot to peat to soin tol om mor alo he ot an to tov ane locol the sat te tocar, Shu's to til tag mee. art iig bot tee se th an tee conre. Cone. I cot ho be to an chinl ou to ar in oan an an bod ton taco tin the aom te to tote ieter on wot te we dor te wo to tou and to th hocor te te chas tor on ssot an an to shee nut an. rhaw tat do bere. to wo the auclrat thovl te mias tit an wes wir to sant mucperel at at al sor we wee to oit te. Mam macis setinn fee ofe he dow to pent we the te tat the whe you te at te an es yal ho il phane wos tor hot se'l te rees thod tor to an to to mint ye tod ate and to to.
TREI: : ues tar dete tae to se tos tiut Tot amter te mhar toe the tol te the ted the the to tam tour cor mof te wed an ile toe te rote. Ae te to te got to th merete in yhe in hame an inu the mho mol sos rhur femin an te mor. deeate lerd soe ho the tar poot an wes wor ir nire to vet the het ye ad ths dhe mere mid pose feon anrer, tor mhas an calt te elat re tos lo in wo bor phunt tou't ote tor ye age porhl ime to an to wou an toe te beuls sit no tige te tol an coot tar wos nhe ted soce.
UIRR: Yes atu in tor on yhaps tain be ag tee.
VRCK: Aut wo ro thit bas to peen te fhe for toe dout me tet to ane to ate doy to ar sorces te  hon the uis rhot af bot ore tout uod top wov sout hhe sot We wann dos rahee tor poreen an toe tol oat te to il ant in te toe an, I to ao se tat tau seit te te te ae to sau sy te te to pete corerer the to to molinn to soe nis in te saucte tan were teret at at doe win as iw an hhe sin to are. int he tee inn yere cherany on whot te whe te rhevete whe roes wos site af relt ar wenre an th hhas en ter to to to se an wor terereer tat ate ter inptog chee on on auw hat to ou on in tor te toe chon the whet ann inne the te inse te we me tos tal te we yir on an me af fos tos the the toe sem soe peste yn to the in woreete mind th oe on auine te tor tean, I fant an te the weme to boroat lhes to tir thhe no aut that mo seme th'o wam to oo ane at toe tor woreg. The te anle un cisn seete. Terrot te wean ter to and tote ce to the.
WOCK: Wou to whot ate il au wos cinle he thu petinn soare. Thot hov anet tear pent tans cafere to an at ate te thar tot ot os tite ne san sor tot to mor the yere ho me cone to wh in the the ton reree. Sot susm aus to the perho tot te to to toe on thip yere tot tou wold on in te to ane ol woe to wo in te inte cete to the an arud aup  oe the bor he fos cot ufe, al he sees toe she te te wom ape mon at mo co ot cherot an ant hois the an in tol se ssade ir an mhae than an ote to wet sese anre anre.
XORPO: Ahe te ane thare srenrent an copannld tol feer tou the Copter to won te tin ter pitinn wor hoy te telr's bhal chale to te whe to shocd tot bo weld tet I ol to de tos uuret hhr anter ane an te ut fopose ye to pemnt an anre we. clot as peul on on tor an yere dhot tit tod an an ane tos tee te uf tor ary the tot an ans on the leed sos. Chrilo ar thor dhan co tine se thu tant an geet on teu slanut te mo to th bo te whor nor athas bhs and yhe thhe, I tou an ne the an to an to su in bpist ans mos th fit pote
YCOAK : phnrore ane. I ant aat se an to aro to tae se on caly te tere te as an yor mourhy luun. Ie
ZIRK: Sour wege ce toe to ire te biur tat mos thl aele yore to aocre Sitre not pore cae to toat te ahe sit at wid yerr thor af on in wo ses tig le se tet te tit weed ans to te bher bot te t ue te bet on tou tar woe.

Epoch 5
AIRK: Ay soms the to houd to de bor more mor bocinly To that yho be wate te int if wo the te thet the derset to nane stas ind wor an to wor to on the to sat an for one the don til og te than sod ant ane an and to to co thice srerter te dor bos toum talint on ans ans satirn anter in anore sore thare the to the cost pore Sans cort an tin se to th sou to sho rorint do pantity uy urete cheat te thant ho seunt yoa do the tho to thar.
BIRK: Tar oun to thane te te thor in on poun ant or wher sor sot are than hor sint thacl the pase be cotered to in to save tho wo to mars the seter ho nester peant wo to sor art te ant ant on onre cos to te the thor the thavhe tho catar the ans il the the pore to peus the to mens mo marat. I anid on mosid ane that sore oos hou the cenet in cos prente on will the inl te as on merere to to the the to to ar to te to the te te bos un te poran.
CCOK: Yot wis bhe te wou te wor wenthtint on cuce we the the selinte. I comines sot on hhor ant sarpore ko on sate to mhate nos tho kore tom to whe the yere and the More sor out at on te ir ho th cecon.
DORK: Yel'd an rereses pole sor on ance delant ous wore fot mor te to came cord to bot sort be wupne on te thas rorses cond sourd ghor hhe thit the ther te te me at lot of roun the We sop he the leund sor ase ther poun shis al ant yoit ount thod lninvo at ot the yo ceet the I dhout hhan thor than te torgen thin to patimig in ant of souce ther an'f wo te thin cocans an tho and roun, ou thare af sit an thit hhor to te therint on weun sor ho th whe ho wount hor ate pountar fout gout wat on on wo mon.
EIRKK: Yor me yiw whe to to case the yrencere sos in hor whiun son wor the sather in the the the poteur thh te the where at ant an the to reite thas tarmres. I the thol bou te to bis peter il yhe sont me coun whe the saciled to rerent in to al unsy in we torr as os whe sos on silt sove the we me nalter sise to veurs we ut we the yo wore on salt ar the the the te than an.
FROT: Sult on to whar an ant an an dor dis in has hos lint mo ol te llet in af to bor thin the to sot rore eat on siud te yap sorrercing. I thord de the than thad to sead an ind we chice the to wot in to whut af dore anl thor wo the the the dere te wave ne to ho thar thor the the to the woas to urrasne cort of are coust the to hellunt as ape ond ant an rerte to neme an ad the bime thar coror tat hhent whan to ir or the or oud to pocand thart in ale the sime to we the on to thar tho te thur not os nont te win on thal mo ot an me the the tho sor the to that thor the that and in te os lante th minser on dewe fee litais whe movit the cosrant onter tho pon yoe I bal in orteres the ous por the th the the shane the tit the s tate to pore the in the sos yhe ther age derin cos peok the bin the wat the mocine salt to danles the yis on fos in, tho wol the dhe bod an hor dout ane the antin foult or to lme to whe mhe the to sot he set thin the posad foun the than woun.
GIRK: Tim on in the whe wo yor anle ous in ant the thas yor te yle we rolt so onl to cete ol simt te the te the cat in te thas tice vore to to bos an sate for we ee on kom corte enpet reut the thir in seter fhin the thur an an. Anthe to the redote Cetire shen tace cot cint on tho popsar on than te yho se we anre to the antader fome the fae hat thim to yer copter to soper. I thit of sees wis ho merlint sir an whe the girdare thor anf to we more tar onse date sotet on tham th ore ils mor piwon on lidges wo to reanint ant an the wor to gim an the we ceset cisle perit bo foe te wit an woug sus.
HIRK: The wor tin in as mome for an to the the mhem mar the deres it the wime an in ann in ind is ar antan lot int anate sore in on moctire lomes fos poun to for onf in the mont in ugt an shit on te cecens an to pole whe the thort wis ant on fentar as coud to the chow to wor than to thint tor thir te cetanr thin bor in some te te te the wo preet.
IRY: Sot ho ther the caster.
JCAKK: Yem the manl rore that ios asite yor thin as as resend wor thal the tor the petar thir in thale tore toun te th to alt ar the il in wire thal mouth at you the to the the pepasen yocs the sece she.
KIRK: Ane yin that yhe tor bor tas whe hhe sot an sice yoit ard so who chon ta cor th ans yto soce game untite in bere the ane cork to the mret an aur the whe te here in ther Cisite to sourt on hor to to cout and the taur the dor winle thle core here ke wor in on and thint ta ore whor on to we pop or mire to fime to te ta setet bo to te core an anthe the when wice dor astenr sou the thas.
LCCCY: I momeriy on to tait og the me whe any to whan at ant bane tho the yhat sorle dire te thaun ele the cerrens, Mourer or bore sor antir fas the the enit an the int to pame mis an. The tho de to an cacar, the to serore to the douns or com wor sor in cortane soruss is to mhe wit, th ticl thed whas in to the ferrert houd the to thor bees thinr in the lese mo chot th on the se andr irp ous shime an bund tin at or the that whoptir sis th you the tin to the pous to for mintitor worengint thater the tor site the the serere the the mipge the ssor th yos the to to sos se afe the thap the te the core on sene cetore in tin to to sory of id sor yhe than onpaen the in te thin th poim to dor tho seus to torinus. I the ir helt the on fes ind in tho the se cinter thar hountirn mir and castares, on te te coter thor sore ioter thor on the thrin an ars. Mon the puin in we the in if it af sot if serbe tho this the aud tive tor the nite thert ant ros is in core to whe to fhor ur meuster the wher ther Sretecs fout sore penataras the thor sortare on thouns yere to dole son we the te to to pount you as in this the the ninge at an the yhil ate ho beut thare serlan the sekut on morale th it an onre te phous mhe yor the the sos and cort the this roun to to dins for the as the te tin bomilg sin pfite we ange site to the me wlem to thus or cuter at on to tid th core thor the wat srame for int on it in ot weut feuf bate deres.
MCCOY: I mot whe than heres, an we an sount ant ou bage me pfos the sobe mo suf tharure ant yor setinis th hanr were thol sir whe to ceneter te af in the cetor the cefathir anger te to mome an an or tis the the to cod int the the an you tho the to sint on thas tirt of an as agor on cuse por pon in fho the.
NCOK: The in the we te pout on bat anth. Wher to tho to the meve un on soad on or, int th pere the whane thor taither if the me the the to the on wouve to to te wor the an te the wis to some se mor cumter an the seet whe sewe th in on at soud te some thit on crolish in the est that in boce lore hin we yet ant an copterinl haut fius the the tis an thad merase wor at hod the bon oos the sergore cour the te thin ir cifter I tile for heus on ind morint tho the or ant hhater't tho the to to ber ail to hinl tit bo core thae som mo fe the tar thar to mos sinn in the ter to th on soul bor or the dhes ond fin thit in ore the wor of tor wore the sate the apde be ete whar gouns.
OIRK: Cins pay te conded to ane to non de we te whar de sorid on the shast. I te the ponle, thathr tout site yer at thf dan the oncs an on cantans pont on sils in tee dons wise it to dous the montere to the the tis seet on poce thar sor houn an the we tin in thare dout an af te demeeter fou th we te pas the the the serer gor ant on the we to to the more te to riucg tor ster to sos heut or an anthec? ant ae tho we wo le entan. I to tal the the the the Wor in to son in ant on ant ans lonresite to pome te al or the seme or the te sere serk te the castor to to on me fere dhe dames te antire dound wo we fe wo the tars te sout. The the the bore ans corle the ceums ind te te tame ot or ceudilt onris the sover cont to doud me woun the to cot or tore shet tho this soucanl cout hif te cesisl bor os cele lun thar on cartare ho tims the onraden in whe cort on shace of sore sod tis sok th and the the the thamrev, thar on srortirl roastist of ur are four te coane sheume se neos ho am at tho nouns inths the the the the weren ho me fhe wo wame the sort so sere. I ros on the ke pour.
PIRKK: I land the thar mad the ony to winr of yhe deregine the saster soral ot thas cosrentans. I to cord mater inter sere ind repekligt ond nese whe sero bo th as to bemer the tirt onre to sitit or sort fod toe wo certar tar kist ant enle the the thon the sove for thar tos to lis anl chand hhe bous bime te be kor it in the sere eunlans thord tor wout os nuthe mo fe the to mome the me the the penor the ta the cose te me tho sore th wo cos ent the peunlidis thapter.
QCCCE: Ir wat on welt fe wor th to to mate se pout mo te the pemintar an we thit il on sult the to the mort wo reme to tho ceus as wo put as in the mhe fes in pithe safer on thas the wand the sipnge colt on te be thor sot an hor the the cese mid on cor to coperatirlis. Tit morer. I to neels noon yhe thhir lout me fon to she hor more te ther the wort in ons the ante the thare ses the te the sese gominar sorisg in tho th cave cos mo taner sant. I wo lurte sot as. I woun thiy derens than the wous to more wo and to to culter saten in. I mas aud tor cord wo be cot on sher fho mo rorithin to the bor as wirt hhit on ond rut on onp tir on bo mipsans somood so.
RIRK: We moske yur tor wher to catens te talt sant on he the the to mot the me the coet an malt an sura to at wor were the cerure th be ant wo ok thin than mor tilg the dor to thas ir dhas on yor tor hiit in hane shere on esane an the te bele te coon af be tiu gout the thor rete te yhat anl in thas ho the an diltann the phaf, te be the the at ane fepene she wout mome sisn cortor on mocm cas.
SIRKR: Sus cimtere sore the than wore sher mamer wor polt on of fik at in hher we te the hout in mo the cepperpaen thacn ho at fire pot tin wite to see to that in ol atir in tarder at core cate th the to the the the the thal te cot sin or head soon the sere bo to in to som pam be pome s inthinr in te the orus the sere fot tort te bin the me the tor an ins bos mort whimo she cetane the seme who wo sus to mals cerittar or to the pyer the mher untare ant nat thang case hhi por wor anco poun bhe bow bos cerin, I beun yicivint os dant on on we cong.
TOOAR: An ue te marhin.
UIRK: Jeuter.
VORK: Tolt ant hif sor ig on as on batir an ig thir on bhe to or thas the to pore thand dout. I te to whe to the to tho or the to ceod, sis mo woll in to to ils want tire thar pore the wo on the sot sos te tore doumt os waster thor hor so sot in ho feuseras if sot an the yerans tin in ther timl te dfan hor the thare to tho pembse that an soud bor yor cathir an oul the tho the in suns an thas the wher an tarlon conte and rome tho pom an ensare fhe wo hho tar lire the the anliss sor te moor the cond anot oit ho heure lert uf art on the thir sico Core the heure the tu in nopter sere the bpar. Cos the detere whamthe fe on ane te suat te an to the son the yot that ane te ood to werelt as sethe serels cos copte thanen. To min onunln neterity wo to me the cod th penud soup salt ho to ons on imters tho celod th ol tivin on th we toure to seos the the popter to the thas the the thy certer wle hous centor to slere the to or rome th cators the as bir fin the seut in sist wit vare fhaucage co ste tin the sor to cete pount an ane und on thore hol lint to soun on to to wirt calg ban te shor sous the sor. Tor tin ar ol at ore fon an unl ptor anith antite yrerenter the hor in soce the chan to meut onpride to bert an seuengs on pot mo the ror te the pase to to comtris af hhe my the the thot ot ant as te the the to to sithe ponle for the the thor in on tare ther dertor the wod thas.
WIRC: I marter ap onme arin the tho to thor kor plet on we ant.
XIRK: Sot ale tirt on de to derert ius to sare cof hon an we is on to mor anter lore wo to ins bom the me mere to bet on to to son cost in the tha to to ans on ow ans rasd moy taut socw pare, suce to yor we for this pithe de thoren an the me art the sise wor horreten the in ane yir afe to rore to wate sis the seus ron ans move the seilte. Dos we wor alt an urtare de tho derere corsere thas.
YCCCT: Cho in thir ant if som polt ente the me thas os the to the here as the mat in the te to on anthe come th sis in drakaming tiun tho thale the in dous cim in to me if to Cot mo te mith mo te the tide yho to the thor tin thace ins yiin, I sit in ane the so the at on and who en fouls yin an bope no on to mte me to won tor the te morcerte.
ZIRK: Yam in the to bte son fime dorte same thirt to to the thon an to the lalt on the covatare thapg cinrter onr anten pit an on the te tho sis sore an the the fot cary on to on. I at ast out mo murt yhe thurt toy to corant to we wor the dore the sos and you the ate than to men?

Epoch 6
ALCK: Yam cone cot coy the fore bece to wo os erese on on thite fure the atis. If te decanten to the the gounge fore the thare to pon goret ol san. I serond fore.
BIRK: : dey and you hint ont pisotant ate an to mo that and, an the canting.
CIRK: Ceterange coor the sore the fekl in the seint on ande nont ol lat.
DOCK: Ans ame.
EIRK: The'l ond wo the remader bole mount secost wo an onterengyen of as.
FIRK: Are at anter the tho soul, to tire soung be to the nousle ane site wo the contire hele Cole be pour. Catet the onne onase ale in.
GIRK: I lase gore to to the theng ont in in.
HIRK: An't thed seide atape ta we ceatered seroct.
IROK: We wole the repentas.
JCCOY: A sithes ols metint in the wo serent. I gereke to the conted an soun.
KIRK: The indres want an to on indretine to be that ate on in aned mere ase interntithe eseses the sist reares.
LCIRK: The to'n serere.
MIRK: This the core alge, tase the hint you mabe we ros ant os the momete on te mase wo here I the shals.
NIRK: And the weat santered in the reange ther teare the the, to the woupl ane the seale in to menes to Cane. I deel coun canter tare fon to tant to konden to ingow af bent ate the cantin ta natererat.
OIRK: Dose gare in.
PIRK: I casd se wous wore te asating sorer.
QOCK: Touns found ans in the more thin, I meme seun ratere to we denpe as the this saate thime to ander tile to pos wo and onle baet in be we centore sorese lere the thet horlenre core to mined congone nele sout you the tire came on a seur.
ROPK: You that ale horrase the thint.
SIRK: Ans wit thint one ange to me ate so cenpous the couthe goms anter gatar beek foud the the mecalter ace be we pive.
TIRK: I we we wess to thime doune in the tering all the waster ageant is arter nostren te to anrasten, morer wate poremes ouns.
UIRK: Celkes as as wo pomirade on coudlet of wor coule sather any are there foult as wo be manter to sictare in the beteres on and setiring te cosors to the te sant the mentaecine.
VIRK: Met to hok os fenteren worg.
WIRK: Te tirle the yto hint hecerdered the the the the wepbent that yoo the souter ale sordere to thale wo fin of anterd sorere seel in you sorere untare there to corerter cous the sange anate geelen. I the a fantren sorer soreed thy the a benter wasons foce to ade meribe.
XCCCOC: I pase the to bere bersere me minter to cotared, on wome santed botese deas an in theur in tine arlint oun. Wo lose weme peuls. Ase hece for in nout thice secet peot the ther sense the me atel ale the this thale to the thend ave to the we to to he the thet fountine to the the the base to seve to seeg there gecant ind in.
YIRK: The whitr you cotecpenenters and in band op tho mere on in the pome at in to douteon a foust the than ald bele ho the am yur solase taot same ate me the than oud lite fountint in ade londes hout that the sout soun to gerengint to the to ros tite the to cond anton bide the the asderkele.
ZCOI: Nint whem dinge tas the the lely oo sater ous dounsle.

Epoch 7
AIRK: We we's an we kint the saeis the aslase an the to Cotes at and he are the sis he mat an the the thet the tees that so and the ore thin leis to that the deres sure to for ame the ant the sear sore the are as thement oul a sore afisan.
BRUR: Ans a do coweren on thile shat in to ent an we pinter word tiell as the seinty nore to hou seris.
COOCK: An't we mase lare thare anle we wo in thar the the the chat at he the not to kound at are to male, the the the me onk in were the ceount of the vene hepins in dise the were bind the siss we brenter mitas to wis you denter an are dore danter mesast you thin thean me woul an ir somend me our we cantice on the what to onvent on the we coukt in we the dork. I pat as ape an tarerred on the are os hare the mere wo mad as oh as? I couster poven of as on ant gount one dingend there oul ar that I wo leel the seet the thele relons on cour ke pore you we leves in soun a sore hevere here dind the seor and coung couther the them you eithant on come une the lroll on there to cour thin he coud orle hey to the ding we than seere sore silt the sour on lensor you the the in the you ant coust couss in the nester and we the sise sorend as as ale sare in to lere an hore mo the celcer in noud anm wo urling there cound an the srerine in the teer the the a danr sorenden the ares we at here mestorle you an on bean the dore he alr the ment you tees corelise to me I thar in the then the delle that at in the theire remetime a ale hin the dored id the tive cous the to bing deit ous lere the thas the thent wo he coue has deen to in lere as we mrot rangont in the praster soul are on the han the hene corend been the lele he Erock thin coutere pores to souls enstite an onle ase to whe tho here and a kale there ase singent on the on you the sous in the that the lanter on we with sey thas thas thant. Ceot at on the pore and sere wint the do to you seres the we to be coor the the mey cous were star as on dapser sour eren.
DIRK: I lemes salceves of at as a coren.
EIRK: The mipe our the that in cousare nomand reen you alk of the cove cepele as the teeve.
FCOC: I tho the want and to whare soul the wint van you dishing to lind the that ast ant on as be root hes or bangens or of eder on mond. You the cerice there the we kouve erer in the theure to neltire the vale so he ant hhas are to sere not are untore and bader wo are to the thet ans ensire are and to are aver the peithen the remangt an you sore core ent an the the hat the sale selrere.
GOCK: The are the leing in to ang lese sere bame the heun ant the the we an there for the ale sin, the well to the thin nour the rasten surething you there sour that the the leer as bater sour sour an the the there in the ree the sor sor wo krather and the a the wont the dint onrerel he elle conen hin tere coner the the under the tare you elare we the the cant on a sore sount or than sore you the helas erentirer the the the een sore the wo ent as the cisthin the there dees the than we we pores on we mes aplen founs and the deenels wo hom cout wo the soce bing ond sose the sere the peinge in thar he gore porer where a cicther ant the goust the coutire are thint on cinger.
HIRK: There sourk we sour anle wo share sour Ssomlen in ther tale the there an nat the wo foul the there thin.
IIRK: No the cime an this srais for on the then the mere to de the the hint the theas at ant ater the seam see.
JCIRK: He the repet. Mast in sere in.
KIRK: Mo we ringes a leank.
LIRK: We sour a ater best we the we the we the wand hil the me the are the we wowe one soreder was ture the sare ast of kolr thou here onm the the thep sour the wise sour an tho in the weat anle the ceenseret as in the thins pountare a sanet sour ot me de had a corlinget on the here retarg the we mine he sour, that ant ant the to ko coulled le we the we mins herer, shere sour the sous the thie the as ardale ale ane mase disaen the kepees on on wins an a cerater ssand wo the at in here you lare than srat the the thet pore hule tay welt we the ersod soule the ther the ond sore pather berins a mastins you and bere ane to one in the was of the the the sepore thich sour the consold cour the thin at me tae the ip has in the wigals the to do to to me'le thin the deanent at are me ane the conse an on in the wand me asile ale the to in me the kass there the teer inded to ant a the couthen I tere cores an sour wo the the the corer nast he wag here the leder the in he thes entire thas are dere the be fant is kond pomant to with nous so porertor we on there aem is on on were are the mell ele the the tis lever the as eanger bere sire a fure that in the the a sour core, he arer ant to were to leme a mensing fur a the mo sor ad a sore pore is in. The ereang we to wore thin the see seeld do ant we me the'm lentare there the nat and ant in the thin that the the sand the the in thir the ereale on sist he wand ater here couthes are sare and serare you the we pure on the mise to rene sores be that we cour a coust on soul kes for thouns. We we and this rame gon hourdens.
MIRK: Moas liss the mante he pain we thip te wo cou here in ale sour the sare the to te're the han be coud as the and it then the in our to his be lan the to as and ant thet you sale the dean, te to peanten here daptee the the the benle deacs the me hat at the manet case thin his thane rlatilr to ant the cous in the chout we wour deare mise that the heine and the nase the seer ore mictones ore ant at antoren than on there sin, Boce the erater are bere the there soust ans at teer are hint of the cicther same oren the to you thas coume we wist ent the coull the peon is a fis ate in one the has are be Contor gich an to hey conse.
NLOO: I sor as ore dase on on the ant on the on't the arle eny out wan ale is a kiden, the thas in of a reyor.
OIRK: Sters ant wo the theind to me thire the the there sous to wis the sure yor the racirs.
PCOCT: We sored a deant the gars so shey mo hale to reet at in the sour there we't seousd we cour singer the us a lemer we sour at an the sore hit. I we san the dang the mant core encar is the that on't in the me pon ot the sict. The the sere the were ture ow seen yir on pingor wo it here in the menesy one come porer the pount are sored aner consor the the shere the prapcen ore the I we kis the to the estem are sour the thap nake cose gant and the cond on the you foun pame shere gount couns in that you wase tien a ale therans the me county sere you the pilmet on the the be an the af live so me minten in we we me dare thin sis fing me reras an ade besher a let in the they the ad an I dhad you a we that in heer the the sas the custer siis the weed the sinter bade dishing the and in than the that soull so thin then't mo sint an?
QIUK: We a ale sore sean the thit we the the the shere sorite as a lave she les aslas on in thale thare gare in anle he ponger of the pate on the biwe wo far sering ster as the womle the thall an the we couther an the Bon lenasle be the wand tell the meven ent the to sore cost the dinsiten soult. Wat nound he the leine fore elale thaf ant the heou an the the he mest as of the the cerat te hare the we the here than the'n the thet cous wo the one the as hemer the wis ent wall so me to in we nepere southen thin to and the rever ereen the to as that soures mase lome a sare than the we as ant you as you serall the reme enele so ke than hou't the erere the heas are the in the thas in the we we he ale we cole sore ale be to sith me enter the in the west are nore corere to the a fare tho dere he pees porem wo he and the soulg it the than tere thas at seen to an are ant sherered ol cother heis in surle serire a mo the thal all a were the thin the cade kin the loare sae ko was heimer in thare as the we les thit an ta the souren thit on tes in deare war the the ant Jorre singer sour than the been ans of the soull the enip the pocite are thale the the a ant that on wour the me gein to wing sorle me coust on the ultar as enes to so sor the the sees the mes'r is rere and the to hare as in to the and in the the and apereriin. I do hit the paneid at misger on thare heer your on you bidale ho the peeret on wo to hare so de cottione in in the this eree an the mender sourg. I alle a last im cintunt or ans the bepe so endes be thaler the alrele the sater the the ale the im sill in we wint a found ip the atele the's the the preatiin.
RIRK: I sere ele he singt in that the the their the there thale so at and a thin you lo couth on the the the colled ous wat the coulgen to count and selr the've and nour thap soor sour anle the thint on and sure you uns sour in lrot shere you seen souls is the being the herink the the there we suen ore velr lele the be be the peipse cereins thit thint al in there the sion o lase the congele the dan cond the the te ale sis wo the ware tare in there the cobe les.
SPCOY: There to at you mese the welngatind on of a coust sourr pingen the wo wis the sout you fos poume in the to ran tire hine the on the wave sout oud enoult bite do he the you a unt thin the the me mide sound you the pare in the a a soun.
TPOC: Ase so he conklrad a nale as courer the menger tharit and thant we wo sour hereed man to at we repcint on sorestant wish in ha ale the srantishe pace foun on a you so the prantery row hes the deem a coust and the me you heas the hey hiss tare the to cous on this at soud ane to thit the hean ore the the thas pasit on shem soule hare dister to you this in that we be renle so me the heen the araded you to sour the kint we selast enet the dere poule de you derees tire in to the ged in dean we the there at apore and and sour at wint or coutre.
UIRK: Soss sile to sae wint hin dey mereen we sfare.
VUOK: Ile sir to mint in we thow ive a there whas tee the we houn of a deare you anther the soud bave the the as an to and mive ke. I war yeound on the peater ot an ore fom ale that thate on bace te thare the pors we dose eneling and the wo pinttin, the there ale the we a kind to sore so gind on the cact, the deog in the gour to he and the the are ot and where whas ad in the whet an are to the wat the ale as so we bele no deer in thit in the that enere the a contor the are you the inter.
WIRK: Yio gas curd the in the you here has the the they bece the leraer sourle to a serered. Singer sees lemen in the wand you the in ous are Cidter the and the the wo the cosout the sount a fore the aly in we the ant on on count on you the do we the wo wall the we we one here gas of he cingtong of ant the to soulme here pimeng ant so at an heat an this lase you the the cerey the deem the thin is the there to ale coull thin wo the wo the there are and ros the the tile dere ant ank te to the than the then sour thay wo lele ele arersoon.
XIRK: And thale mine the to a lon in tare sithel seing your ture sounse wo han pount ang in to wher thes he thin.
YIRK: I thad seres live a soung on were cour.
ZIRK: Lele han the hew yeu the in ant in the renpotir we couster cower for the bes coust as as on the you kile four the wing nere do cond couse so mage the thep and the sure sind thas the the we the that sour to ale in the fon sho cone hhat so the the the shat repons the peapse couvar alle sat selin wher you a pinger Spont a bon the thes I doare coud or a ceter there the ware the were there nes arerest fores the thale bis on dond what legun the teed sis the seren of and, cinter to ane are you has are and an the sour il he porere sony lenter sour the neer then the there nos at the nod the seale. The bese here you a we coust an. Ine are lepage on we thas the as so sall thin a lere the on the erot you she in in the thas tire to ale the knes ore the the ahe serest you as is ant ater wo et ant in we are that the sous as the cuenten the tean came the west wo hace the me selined of the sare that you as are in ale bo at ssere that ant the you kare want the this sare the kent this you the sour the the pein wo as yorere.

Epoch 8
ACCOY: No coust to beme the sister the cow sore tare foor dant is that in the at ans that the wist on whit the wes are coudr on mome tilade wo dat as you you thin you silt in the mone fan Sow courpole that you you the ceran wat the sour the the sor and we the we in to the the to conter sour thas that this is wot and that a donged. I day tho ure.
BPCOY: The and so wo me how a lot. Whe'n that the coudling the to to ensarn thile to to me for wrot co and the wakn of the most of oun a come be the thap the Sust tere mather bame gere on the menteen inther.
CACON: You llary mast in the you the whis reat to were be mork on conting hat the. I wo mat a gore sis commend as sour.
DPONK: Withh cumester tister if me the warg mint to be sot and thit to the dost we the to coms do veve corpeption the to we des wo wo shot sindertires cowtrith in the ind.
EHRK: The pooth thit the recange you this the shat wo the wome to the uncat the surk at hit that she hour that in thit the wouth sict, mister of that in a do at of erare the preister cour poate far at os depnatibe co to cofir in the wow of the heratoon to come to me the apter to besber me pourd this and the dat in that thith tho as hare a were the ercoun. All to ke are nom turd you to wath a we porelt. The serome.
FIRK: That the puapter that the bere.
GCOCT: It the tint. You an of berall to in to the son.
HIRK: Ans wist ond me lings to ware conge the sellen on me to in soust your unt as of the me carter at thouth porsing that des lall courd.
IIRK: We Cocke so me.
JIRI: We on sor melt the counter to not hear of the gom, so and the to in thon I rast in for athe poring this fur wo wo wo king of at corestang the thot that ot wond of at to sore of deatis he and that that hat in the menter in the to rat the ben cour tils the mastion on that prooud ore ant in to curito here to the sor here the to corlite that pactiin le that the preser and in thare foce for whom prade.
KROP: I vas cor.
LIRK: We porsart how the wour vere furt in beve to pored.
MIRK: Yat in wo patatoring ancongite to shas ant the hroctor. It that heat in the me the to an he aplate for the pistous wing till in that the bid.
NIRK: Mester a stan?
OIRK: The cow thit be so the a dodes. The fere thinith of hin thict of who ment wo in the that the don't wo pores on to ef eren. I sored sicte restrating the saptorgens wist nast so pistar poups.
PIRK: I four sere the thas sore mard contout be.
QIRK: I sore couns to arded the wont thow the mase the the han the dave comed sour to ragith and the to nout ane the the orke countare are we the recous in that and the weras. I wat the to me sas af sith tiste to the to the frese the wo to parke af shat to lenter.
RIRK: I sore on thont not the sactar it a pitent to me the well the sis ant of pome te the we cons in the that in on the nattar ant the pinten.
SOCON: We coull ent ant hean me the reatas wo cour cotrer on that om our ande in the the prating tho werout the wist tham sheal. At it ham are bere wo his that she as mont wand the supnatt a bipnter lint of mant of to you sint wo be done thit to be mos on you you byou thit to hint here and to wis to recome erent on the con har gored.
TIRK: Costan, I we to pat that a conperting in to we surs bat to the porer.
UIRK: Bust the best you at the the shat to han the dere sure Mast.
VIRK: A at in the to the we king the anded the met the that of sore ant hour at at the the ant in the hering at out mith to thabt hit you the sepore that are sint afur and the recathen thid be coult that than as what bats the me nomer the fonging Come cour a anter the sat in I qorend of enter.
WIRK: That and in of con the dinthe to the pirtoun thit the wo and that sore herine the you the we an eure. I ceriste a sour that the me the on as that an the bith we couming the copkoon to his sousting coultor ant in here to and the conded reat onghing wo mont wing to the siver to here comr.
XPOTK: Spoct to sip the gretis. The that pored the the conk the the sara poce the are coust in the tor mest and this to me that the were mond to pintaan the Cotter pectar the wand of fumare all bout wing wo pere.
YIRK: Ent in here in to sho in gont siml of the in the bet to the wadt to that to mome and the couth reath in the anderd bato at to coulntith and if aftare to mo lenes of wo do eryou you thans are beat be thas of tho watith one womeve tere athe porer main. The condos on thome to ke menter so lesbing at the the foun the and an that is no far the we porptat coctor peanting of wast that you nact a corer unding on the soum one didh in to hes. What to soust the in he prace.
ZCOC: You the couls ant of dare in afle the that the in at oul a fores cordien four memation of the mond me to in the recouth ledur kour reat a me cocogh the srot deat in the man suct the for a thas conse the fom this the prongh oun four come the to be the tilur. The in at ant ore furs the sidre in thint in the were ant thor the gon not your me ector.

Epoch 9
APAR: Astine you sored. You sicte the comes. And wo to coust of the, pianter to bemer on tho spabem of sae to courden in the lanect an oum courcer. Spatir to canter a sored aster sicton.
BIRK: Weale the here mase to corse sies of mejrel and rosting mater.
CCMOY: Sorpant o mrat apmater that on thow and prose he wall the thing the to as wathas sisted shead oum to the mister I the tain the porer wan in the dan the to dere sored of mo in the they a vase the sapling to the I sich in ond your eresing to here sorpere comton.
DIRK: Thead to krould to the wever is the ancile the you the conse in of to thith the one to the the heale a sheish simone a withel. I dale foule to the keer the medelitend the were sean in the the peatain.
EIRK: We sees and the onpering nomens os the the the lasith we the cocin in mo the erece to lesther os thomed the man? The prister Souct.
FIRK: I mes hingere at thingend to west of ail were to the Thicher ale ale the mase the prase a dater ater.
GIRK: Yeu'n to sor to the parters erish conder beatel of co mesor got in sears coptinele of the bestor of the woup in you sister the coulles, to I was ig to the missep to sime. The and in the poresting, Co it sor deep one that to the reates.
HOCO: Domed to denelse me what sorend of whey o hey for. I on the ant onle that thit the they a dorester to the repestain leales of the danter as cortaid a deringhing statered of the pinter is ore the what hame weal to beer come ane oully besting to the thes wis to the sadatel a corpeans aro.
IRET: The sis for in in hen an eroutend no besire the whow ho wind to unse on epemen the for is the ant she mat at seltered. That show wo sore and the somen, the a to to sim it we to the puller to the antered in the in all the pepines with goter of a wat the the are the daptares to preperes to bowe and the coukes of the Coctor it the a bester Santer the pepain to the assis a dount on of atees and to the waster tiem of sele in a dole the mister to the astain.
JPOC: And were wing you to is the coution. The saver you paclent can.
KINK: Mappin the pomy donging in the beapured to the that the serere.
LIRK: We can the sivensed and in.
MIRK: That the the fart be so the wall to here limetilles the siester sian a the bet be and we the wreeld to wore and the sarpay.
NIRK: I'le the bever for you.
OCOR: They realin, the shore in the ones of the wrot pored Comint on a deenserting the cery.
PCOCO: The comed of thit the menlise a a ond thes to in not hall the woser of and ent fort heatien, thas sis to dean to wisten in the and you beat of deares of gon of of sare of the sin the mose surand to sor fare in! Thet ape coqo.
QIRK: I to and I poen to me andertoon wint on shande hare to in the dole the me the ridel to the coctaing restan the you has sour to soumration in in at to sie apent and one to the you not hele the ant and a pecinge he wone and we to kele at aterder.
RLOC: Anter winsing to in the lened to you sor corslores a moate to and master in to me the mome an a dored you in icencersirey a wist and a bever to inter batite nom the you cored to the repinging in a dast the certain a anterdeles corting if thit were a same four in the won. Thed co, to is the fontare to porersor on the on that onk of wo me hean it the sorathing a gonker.
SPOCK: I seet sees, a day and to coumant of be antare on the were as at is in the a dore thit staed of the theer to to thit the on a thain the here to a dore corme.
TIRK: I she wes in hapest noge to kever wher ander to in the cared.
UIRK: Thater of the ande the were to and I curking to got oul the has the a conpe a dean on what you bean one ane as than the canter, Spock. Nour our poris to the hele the donedes of lot an wire beal the I come the shees and you ant to ale the dan the heresten, stare a conter euter. There an the sarperered comencers pinstas a the seacin of the were lenet reellen of the welr cordesting the to base.
VIRK: The gon't to and sereensant one contensting to seems an of the bentire and on the thint wo knour to with.
WIRK: The to in the unter. I who onle to suan the to of the wan wo the meate a foate to wenter the mesare on the bester cinthan sime an a ale come ale the nerense all be the eranster to sor the cinder to me mined to a mecolisile.
XIRK: That mes mastain. The comersting. They all the laten.
YIRK: I vean if in be ale you lister that the domen the bister sepaten.
ZIRK: We heals you been yao male were to you ret in sere so ponas to the are you pole and ot the Cotred to sour of thing encor.

Epoch 10
AIRK: I mave the certains recher bere mat in hour sie. The and that in than sour bechat me ture male the wow?
BPOTD: What in our the the court an in here.
CIRK: I an the preined thit his the an wher and phot the the are wall seen't the and that a dan an hore parian on that a and the his suct and if at is the men hit the mome the dest of the your supling a cectar you of the sever commens. I men whre the hell and the fres erer pure confertesting the meching it a doring pictton you chass and the somant the ven there the hiptenant the dean the mat ans of the corpins the to knet the in the sare here.
DIRK: The aned in the dever sor hith the dintt on hit the praned cormy the kreing the a counst Stost serount of the can the lect the man the here the ener the lensin frem all mestan the mate the astan on the your the mave the leprout an the the to the wint the aster here weming the were fing the corsing the sive the or hir stan to cepaman the dared his courder me the sir the manter and hare the cellute in ong in ant the condas you fint and serate on the a sartent of the in the inle the cours were, soride the wanger of your the here an the serist mley the and puct an how the find his hare as the the at an his of the got he reser. I was don't dall the mrapt a coutring.
EPLOY: An at the I lone saline aring the cantel ame ant me of the weist the rester whit the crear os the as of the critas me lat hat ond tho ban the want as a seppatain semes our mestat she recure we the wot the wint of me fer sore are furke the dan the hint have there that the semarle in the dint on the thing the pranent the anctard certain is our it the gester the preave the wase the deptar shomen will da a the bere that you and we an the deat a right you whit a bast and are the sure eraat with all it the his the hit the what you and shim thing in it all it at as maling ame wath the dan the mate the mest conde an trecur were if the to knere the a ploner of the coms and man the in the stans the menish in there men the memen the ane then and the enoulle the mapled a drod.
FIRK: SSat, Sutrand the a the the mend ony of the all gon to ame what how shit the you chask a that curse ans his that the what as what the wall and the ane an conget preen the renger that hele. I male the cotrem the a dan the preen.
GIRK: Theal the tremes a dart the man be far at are frep an the prise in here unt the the coman the mever the rongre at and the bisilly pinchen the came in the hes the the the har the anther the don the man the pared the praned. I she mond that the the cast the pranse the in what a mering with the wan't the went hard he man herare sten the captain sour are his shere sure sir frind the anter pearing the one the memes of here bine a dore are the mere the here sime to be an you land the cuntain one the an the mester the reest not as ind the prantor no courden it the pared all on the pron the lest the rather as me a mreing the hars to Minter bere prong an of the deal ant comr are and to hit the wan the dore there hrand in mish the ond of this the a suran the bith that the sir you his not the werk in the mich than the carting the master the hat an a to reens a darith of in the sicth the chent on the all shat of the the dray the anthine of seas the bech the hore a carped the dae the dinter the praper of the shere.
HIRK: What ant an a dounse han the prante to heraed parsed it and the and a doon who. I ban the cerect here pured comr there har shey at a dist.
IRKA: That meath to punter bear our leparing the the din, the dan that a daam the bemes. The one are in a don a the speise for bere the rather the wenteer the wore heres on the krot. I all int the fen of the mectae in the man the meming wist an of that here and the to sir.
JPCOC: Not on the a dinters prose freas of the pranter surt the arling the the repert in the rest thin a the and nothing the the sere the seate on the eremice the the on the are a coring the were not be and the drepire. We wint wing the ant wave in the froned the sive cantain the dally it you har to and that that to carle the light hine the Enelle the simen the tald it the repere the meves me gathe of recort in det here corment as and the richer suct.
KIRK: Ast a seen the sere.
LIRK: Mister Mist a dain.
MCCOY: What carting a dellting a dould the ventther if the kelce the fremen suran a frait.
NIRK: Thit the and the pinster the epran a for on the recent on the dan the don the gon't the one the for that the kay the know the dell in nere a danting the here here in the brech the the dester the Canter prond.
OPAR: You courdel the cracking the land in reat sin.
PIRK: You want mast reour of me elman of the being ant perest hirm and and the frist a dich the preed of the and the reats cantre we wo here a dant meing the mest in a for the war on cor more the memenest shat you dale a dours, me the piton the ware the reamin is the hare the mestion?
QIRK: What ig his you the urers be canter the altien the to as are that to come the for dowe to alugins and the room of the wance are mone the dere be the a derion of pure faring the your enoucin. We bes erech sere canter.
RIRK: Coapcain the repering the wart do in for sure the sirsoriting the pronct a lan the sacthing thing the Cartion a cour of she menter an a far that his be a done on the car the lere on the wist the price covan that porer wher ale in frey whour on a mreint and the bester the one the bet hird enth the and what the a daptan the rechare the master. We rane the for the can the seat here conter of do me mrist the anther yom you and wher memllate, the have oun thand you mlen the bath the ant me some the meven the restring the for eres a lut to at man the pralles the anty the sired it hore craint on that hard ig the hat that simut the were in the bast porcintasting the wall she and and the ont are puran the are that the mest in to beprecter repart the wime the mean the Snot here a dale the plecan mish the a decher the one than the dedare hard of the rever were in thore sure goal a dike that whe ploned the I wen't vere the chace she ware the were the and thour hish the conder the purse the cower the ally cond the daon the the cart in here of wust the to the prement are she seat the suming sirge you dees of thins to hers ale that it the dont hour con core.
SPOCK: I that the ant as is ans sering there hers and the sore a wathy he have star firt are prise, Spock on the matere an in thas the piritant the that a want the riast a pirdel the sive the weman the that the and it in hich the a daines the mestar curle in the wilk it to eren. I lane the mas dere.
TIRK: You cave what do, st an the mester he the at in the to the one the to hich the the the sering gen a dister in the fant oum you mens on the mantre door the anther in than sir. All on the courd the right in a there corll me the mere that a star that you me conter you for hird in the reath cor come carins preing hill pouring on the aval the sumine the ally chase all the are a dale the the a the mationt sere sire the for the the ale the meswer the here was where the sill the bere be on in thit the roce the were in with the thit if the don the tand thid is the prame in the man to here best the meting the the an the dan the eroud and of the prore.
UIRK: What in mut on the a preprer the wist here tract the and there an the parse the mase a vey the mester of that he with the con't sin the woult and of in tho por it this the are mere the onk hint and to dear ind conter. I were the to you you sime his. I were the wall the pronginnt a prase.
VIRK: I mall not ans what what the deed as the eparion the sare arle hall to and the onm more somr the thore you the conith the man the rece man the at and the man the than and the rever comr corige the wand an ale to the wint a klant fal a wan the dorre cond the ber a the singh the a dan the dering the sare it a the thas thas the spise the daptain. Thas the seat. You the to the sir you han the cornare a douver hive the meast seralp in the than the planter wo mant of enelles taming the wicth the cintar the pister bere the preator corle the sirfe there and of the sir. I furing the dore that loweet chast a cofring the sean the lare hrom the commen cartons a marred are the demers.
WIRK: Bome a cor supres and mather that a dister the proned the anter the deer of all ming thale thit the wist be prove arl pame the prise mlen the uble thit thare the ans knouldes the were a the surgins unter the con and the deve an the you his thile the here on the the derest in it sting there spor the hid his the entare you that the dare what thit the sopreres. The lele the peatine all the sintes.
XERIR: Arall mith the sear.
YIRK: I shit the wang in for sur an apore of the cormes. You a dore. I cond and with the and the the link the wall the cor. I mlen the mere the as the sicthy in the were the the wan the ant and we the hars and come that the lat the reparing.
ZIRK: I seal a dourd the at spon thare that and sirte wist reem an the cor with the cor no purrer the sare thit to she sor and the men the dore that the here a might be tres the dight hreim the and ficthing.

Epoch 11
APLAY: I'd the cerall wo wish to the sinting to prose the contanges to it in the serout for as of the semiage to the freate to the lenttre in of the sare.
BIRK: What hour lece to thing the on to hore sheing the prongent a don the seach thit sarping sere.
CANA: I gat to enter the trongen. I don on it the enserter and the the of the sirn. I line to de to the bestard is the sepcong on the prases with and wo and the don what thas the one the me an be the and you shit stere this stare ling to this on the seale to the bementing to mere that to me for corsed soreld hich on to and pictaon Captain. I ven a tentand the unsore of to the rester the teen stomes a cintors are bere hean on the seed the conter to the to and and to wat, and the and in the here the be come misten to the wist the to in the here and we hall the and you to con sinse are and she rened for a vere the benter canter to the simustion. They not to the lan it ouster brout in the drond wand the hand the wall as is and be hander wo ersame to the puran.
DIRK: Pomer of the spister in, sor this if the roned on to me of taen afe a prinet for sarter to here the ander to the that sore in hare thing so gon of sored to your thingt be ant goting of the hare fing to surlise to this the in the simed would stall the perping of the this so man is stive the pron is the aredrons on coreliun of anto to the comes to be go to enter on in the mestand and to king of hare a doon wand a veret on the pursed beal we and and to the Captain. And in the and you me thive a you and the onking to know the well the concered and the seapling wist are shis stard and to the don't are to fain on the for betant to stors a visting the mestor inder and in the not she praned do what the seat an onder do in leacan in the reerer woum to you to to for sire. They no to reech of coult of the shomer at a pinke the lise and the seen, you have in wear a sinadion to contind the and on the inding your for in out she cean is on that we man to kneptor. I me sore the sire.
EURAY: The mone theer a san or what to the best thind thing the bist on the and in you the shister dome his a to to hame has to sir the shore.
FARUNE: Ane gone a and sere afele to me on mone the do ent the man is for the leat of is the and cack on the seme.
GIRK: Besting to in the singent to the seast in the to man woult of the seems. Yet and wathere semen the pisting is a some had the procite in thim intare for the and you meving the seppation on in thane a for bither taan a panert and to deater in that the and the not that an the mester distae do wourd a bealling to conter on a wan the sirnt the and on the sir to the wist your shing of for to pictur the antered, it on thand and mont of the retare man the repean to as and whing this the gon with on the mesting the preasict a dencer.
HIRK: We to and in is.
IREN: I on weall stere?
JIRK: The and to and and you han the dan to the dail the reesting to were the for the reen to one of the of the ant in the sirsing a dean to are fere then't worle all pisting you here a to the cean to the erpepanting to shes and is on it the with sim.
KIRK: We to sapt to the sore core to me at wand erere. Les hourd the we on the wert the mation with the serago hay leet not your fint on the man the for epore a to a me mren to be or the pranat on erast the race and the on his to the spoce.
LOPAN: I with the se contand a fair a dinoting it oul me mather geated you his me to his the pranst wall to the mestar of the loof a saptain on the plinate.
MPCCOY: You some lean of thit the seen the to sir.
NOLDA: Come a daing to the shis the siverter to me an the reenst one hand conatent of distant ant be you come a unt a bring in the sele do not mintang thate here in is the are to conced to the dapere.
OIRU: I con you and the ploness was we cours on Corter, Comation, the were sore heime to feprise the come con we wo'n helouts a sapt me an of the wore an on the aroons hand is lose as you the rest to inse to the sere.
PURU: Stall do and tall sir.
QPOCER: That and and this the sore the mesting for of tho here simus on a daad we trere and dinttone and con to keer can of tare to the and in in thing pime to don oul and cored the rage to certand and to kere.
RENA: I on not we han and ond me the serising to wister to dey wiving to me of the are on the fours a for is the prinel sir.
SCOCT: Captain Mister Stond to the porem we she ender to be sere.
TIRK: We knoudror.
UIRU: You dore the san can pirerter. Lever or. It to sted thes be comy conting the this to seat pomer to ebut the sepcain to theme and contert.
VIRK: We and the and to kever sere ancther that is the courd in you panite the sirding. I cary sean here the curment concere. Will and and the an well to you tall and you knot me the this never for this the his about for reaen you rey. I'le to knoter on the forergech the longen have lener onmer it the and are ficton on the consting has of the care the septars to kell of somen trece are the tring to his the manter can the menter to ceptain the reven to the semed some to in not tho an in the sinse to the rister the sire the cottain as and in this a stonting of you bere the foring the Mister Spotan.
WIRK: Mister Scott.
XIRK: Wilate he as a doing the want this wanters to be an it in fire fire.
YCORE: I dan the dave you sigh a daing to deeless on the rister Ston't of the one the semens and the and so the are at a seen tirter sond the welrans to you on the vere a dean in the sirngent to the reen the deders of staring to thit the mest on be can has the seraing your monter the and to kelors the anding this in the semense stark to be gone and with bish this corsall sinter mesting be for are tall and we sees, see.
ZIRK: You're now wist a seat of the deador?

Epoch 12
APALA: There wend got tall the there the menting one the desting one him any what the sore.
BALAS: I cemalleres. What weres the sirked unert carense on the man the spander thas it of in spererterel me for. And we menomered.
CIRK: Mester.
DIRE: Here man for the fert were and the searute the daned sormise to dinged and not firde. The shis to there.
EANDA: All the read so mesing one worled me anteresting the are the mester to mesterting the seplectent mister and be come another and corment of courder the dereesthing we the enere the menethore hat rean a hister the beting. The parain ame in the sired of seargend of the ropest one to the batere to the mester as a verertellend the sinder. A courder all inderester firkend having the this rapere and me to corm to prose the are sore.
FIRE: I fon the to the donesting wirs conter to be and a man you tall the sencenting to sele.
GHIRL: I call souterend.
HIRK: You sean inled it out a mester it and the andersed bet were us anded is poce all ganters the sirton of the porive the the for ut your conce and the knot the surpeccome for the for.
IIRK: You she semensed the unters and me is sourter you don pored the andered and the sirfelly loond is sinne the andiches is the seppaid.
JCOY: I ranode the sirtard.
KIRK: I and the and praned to porens. Come there ond that sildes of beyor you the pron.
LALIRE: I man beyor for your as with the the haed a dindent one warl gister the stomed you mester to the meation werpestion comryed to presined as doont one mened to ball the forment of of the sepraly serelles.
MPCCOY: You man to sorsere there ond pronent of the mest you the singing will you to inted the unterdermes and porerades. This the seary were the pricester wore stere the right and saen a mither it the sirke.
NIRU: You roond you to et tho not sormesting you sors.
OPUR: Captain. I when't a denarsive the seme.
POCUN: Than you not dist the reaxing theer the inderder the sellal comreres wishered bere come tresest of is to me yer.
QPOCTV: I wen I and you metert at ont the mesting of the pronoces, are the mrey will come.
ROPOS: Hour our a doom your you and the decrefter the regenting tall dister diont of and to the tand asting to somersed somertore foulle are the as eppiter to the astred the oncerestant to me to to sungiters you meniter you mest of the prose the race to the man in the gleloud the for delided the mesting syouss onger that of at wall the thone hard one the planeving the bere the seeprong to dear me tore latel ane thele cormandey the beal and the sith and me. I don't hour ame bere sured to unterestinatiant canting in.
SPOCK: There the mevered cotred. Kirk one the destor. You're you beal not the bere the surpore afderterthing the lase the mester warkes wall and gothing to the sepresting this is are the mester to the sterporter. Whe and the your and corken. I cranger sormenter the lalled the shours we sinde commed to cansense.
TIRK: We caling bear septain.
UURAR: We courde for the erdentt loond a man to deingeteld the the andianting the prace warand.
VIRK: Mister Spock. I can ince there ploment ong in the seprase his to here wan the muth oplion to serest corle and the cinster the arpored sime lines. Thes wand you would the sirded the andersest of you and seen, we stode to long me and the seentent one the poring to the seillise
WIRK: Don't she heivered to kelaly for not the silled the ane what to here fored somed to the thinge then the to the prase the onl with here wore the belled to here in the seppesion. I den the sean to the ferprigiting the wand is is andime to ream.
XCOTK Spock they meal eneres. You to cercenting our the dind. I don't not tho entracteent you fond the and loote be seme. We wan the planone are not mester of the here.
YUE: A soriching the dincter are for enerlald a procite.
ZIRK: I dint engenst your fafing will the this will me as all and to the ctont conce the pare gotred will one there an the lise to content the to is to the for the counce of there and the lust it the west the dinoter you to the praned the sirde an for is come for an of that dive here molled this the anditered mesting a praned risher to sere.

Epoch 13
AIRA: I stall sir.
BIRA: No you hand the stard. The have in a supmans.
CORPESER: I she and and me are a dine a conter take.
DONER: I ded what scentere in the mestally do you deed sesprel the ence ablansite the well and the arpected.
EARA: Actall, Coming ablard that a sponges the shes. Enterpranse the semen recectille to recander the what startes freared of that is there and in the ontered and you gon't be death the asters sumes a star and mare ade on that I have plosell stor and the artain sir.
FIREN: It sall an is goend so the on serpegaing strime the sarp.
GIRTAE: Scott as are distater.
HIRK: Finellals the that hak it it the man our and the contered and star have are a dintent on the sinder commes and the shemed we saad a deneth the ferses. The peasens and I man on that wantennd plating the matter and a pursent the rided the breate the lood you stars the I gut be and the man the man can the spander a stard the stise.
INEN: And is the that a don and the pronething that be a plase is all the stard the spanding that it and the plasing a doment reatis stard and you realles the soment for a distantions that a tall and a sord.
JPOCE: What you don't a cale me sell as the recared of wath a daid and be it do we and you ost of you wand the all the furmence, the regry cold the seppering on.
KIRK: I light spesest for me conter a dock st the seppenans that what you man in diges a the on wark seme for the presest core.
LIRAN: I have has vey bene he mender the sepresss. That's the serpe.
MCCOY: Doctor Spock in sir the wander.
NPOLE: I wark the ond the gasion is stard the proster lisker for the daster the shepe that hat is danstal of the pleses not he man it as all sere. Wh't stand appeasing the gate is the shaptend you the and a dott and of the purse the cremanter man. I and in with sappain. Captain. I and shat a stard a serpeve. The cartand the frelant what you attard the have the astroded the semoct. What is you lave a did the world. And is that the ship.
OPIR: We alanes a mase is thel man on she restand the grom of distecting the here on sime.
PIRK: What as a enting on the resty lest fist on a praincter this astar afpesting the ver and and that the cortent are will we the the man of the can row the doing a sirdans the from all the wattans and the and on the seprain.
QARAD: You wand on that that is stor antall ale the werle in a mone the were the have on the are of the resting on hapl thes me sarpese of be a seppain us and thing on what the wansed here all the praniulily.
RINK: Captain.
SCOTT: Some a she that he wath planouls that is all to the bered as what procgation. We wath and the reatain the and the parse a diend the sume there and the seppasing the prises and it a deatain of you a the precalle to me conting you we the serpaction you dean a must of the semanter. It the sarde the and in fintiter the shear warting one and that have here wite a dist the mally sir.
TIRK: The Pranted.
UHULA: Non there and the suman we and is be him thas sive to be a mall nemer the spice a surmast of the watter. I wand we stand the sarpusse. We man call the of that daed the for as prasins and bat harged.
VIRA: I unding on the furme, you hark you wand in oul that ware is turse on the srecenting the serplent the and a can them and a starsend co thing so plater.
WIRK: Mapter Scott s fer the knowh the praneth come are the heded the spanting ant we the shapling the and of me wath and you he pranest we sory. I and be the mest on that the harsed in firked of what a and the conded the semention sest you a starte is the rister and as what the and reatal firnd on the pranes to ble as picking caned able is we an to me an is a dined.
XIRE: Mister Spock and not you stars wall sie. And worde that at and and on the are a doond the man prase the dactaid.
YROT: I dant of the pronest for this then as a prised of a stimed and man the jest a wert as a the don this ant on the beal me are the doctor as and you and have on it seate prase in the ardarise be have all stard and be on the farting are a finging the daed. I wand as a axe there all a frood that wall you frementer. Wher and wather bate the urse. I dean as the beated to perse the plante a sursing a the and pleating in are canting the wert the canting a menation the and we dest a did you har and commation wall diston.
ZIRA: Spock of the reatanes on that war and the shapl.

Epoch 14
ALOEN: And we lever of ale to the sirmate. We ane a distor reach.
BCOLA: What you Forserd a seapt.
COCER: They rees seir my fored cow at maly you has say in thit we the could it. It if courde.
DIRTE: You are beaes beatains of suar one the shim.
EPERE: I and sele.
FIRAN: I and sain the enerstand and it is to not we chanste can.
GARLE: That it is this it wath a dionts are the aroule to the secregre the in the shere are a more the ship.
HIRK: He't you wall to the is an to to comes and wantt a restaplice.
IRR: An one all go be a would not the are an one the collation the sheer.
JPOMLI: We ale the purse. You gon't the wartere.
KIRK: No the she out that are you ane report at is ale the meation that the spate.
LEMSSY: Wis pase to Aloud to the presem.
MCCOY: I hevered an ware is my be herce are the shappes of the ship. Afersurmenade.
NILA: An a tall ale the reading as it.
OHER: I have the sare that hacp is the shat you an ersiend would astain and the seep.
POCER: I an the sheapt.
QIRK: And shis sime for a wick and pored to the seict. I sould is a maned on ane a some in to be and be oust in wisk in the shape simes to a dease in a she comem.
RILA: Any corsed in more wore the planed of hive ane the one at a tay.
SPOCK: We verellieve in bele to be have. I she proom in the thip hapling the coutaned will the see. Recknitis a dider and you haplled sevan the wany loung you wand to the mester that and the are a nother the shaplers me an conting.
TIRA: Of in can the ship sir the salise of the sare we as as it is the goce the course the decarion.
UNURA: Anery this you in you reat may is aroulle and we an the sheped. Ho you and the deation. I his nother sere in the reace cortans. Mister Coptain. I'll thine what it is sir.
VIRA: You loegre the hive a musture is the ship is out be a pocking. I'll the sepurins the seet of the got the can go one the simes any well and it beal and oul the the shouren wather usting we wath the seather of comparite a dis gotite a fabe to the rey the comes. The anething with you a simon of the I have hour siresting the mate in sorbyed and that is to sain the ship.
WIRU: I here and the cover.
XCORER: Spock.
YIRE: I and the shim. I have it your are of the may the seadion. They have a sare.
ZIREN: They way see.

Epoch 15
APUV: Captain. I's got the well we the planent the not the shim the shapuse in sir.
BORAN: Mister Surco.
CIRK: You dest be the shim wall the shepren.
DIRTE: I an a doing to the diston we'le to lige to starster the seppestant see.
ENHEN: I don't no goon an what owh the man we the ready to charp and the wark it the sir.
FIRA: I'll have you wain sever the the see the mamentith.
GIRKA: That in the I don't get that it inter the should to she can't the serarise on the man the doniter the comur for what wan the lened to the sir.
HIRK: And a surpouse and the shim wo stall see a loned pranet the dienting stars. It that deand we seep as the male and the man the shere.
IRKI: The gree the plase the shere on the starr are the there fire the roing to vesest we can the astout you have you do the gat of comment the she and saed the contemething the seapt a man sure of the man the sen of the ship an the the realing not harn go the the here the ship and the sepure he shere seating the shape. Reaken. And the she repest of the tring the reed the as a the ship the wran that sered.
JOLAN: And the planer the cost lead we the eanting the reapuse is of the sirster.
KIRK: Bust the sirnef is in not be all are ofe all the seppoce dined at on the here of the can the ship our she all are a dodes he can of a mintent the same is command the shapsed and the mestan it out the thas rean the prined of his lock you and the thing in a donothing and be and the sore the batter of han the shim.
LINTE: I an the surpes.
MCCOY: I do on the well st it I stan where our here. The shit lever the prosedn the reater sispine thring are regation the perisal the nower were the dead the presing to you you do the recare on the semers of the list in a dear.
NULILA: Brean see in deats of starp eners of the sappice nees.
OANA: Ence the mabe for of the sting what you wand and you do the for the surpord to has the astlor here.
PCOT: I can't sestatel and sir.
QIRK: It saigh the regers a ship is the shepest somen. And the the ame frise loee that he it do the shat hae see the can't the deversed in what be some me are now that can the proce not me and wan conter the maly the main. I the desting me we have the here proce that she captain misus that Entercrester this fever not the spain. Spock pleane the know the man the planes the semens of the rese and thine wen't be to me will to the haster bean sellant.
RALURA: Not a for the were is the seman for the seppation the tree on you menert you do the beas the the rester the proed ara proned the have the Starders of the pease.
SCOTT: I she shat a preation the dead for all will de restard bean the mave a sered the Mlsed commater fur that tho gond the tell to elle the shis the criong to sim. I's the stard that the shapling the in the ship. Selongy den the start.
TIRA: The have if the tald the man the werk the prose not the one the man the don't the should seat where changes are sun the shere on the shappinal filce is for she centing then we the wy to the mester bean the parter.
UHURA: That the sappine for conting the pranoul men semers of the sime on the ship. No will dead the she was the mister the the she aro of the the the do the the ship the can the shaplise.
VIRA: I wan got the stiples you stath the comprise you saad mr you and of the sare the share he read commes for a that was do it the shat how that do do the meall we the risting live to be the leand of the sapponiss Captain. All den it his fele the shape conder to see sime a mind the can the reatey the kle do the sapping the orter the shere want the shaply to a the stard har. I wan the trime.
WIRK: We could you an the will the loent on the rimucal.
XIRE: I don't sting the rester able a faman we all the have a didnt of this are and to me at of the spase a must the seat the wantor was it the take the meating a surpan were.
YELER: You're the sirst of that we stall all the senter the ship it. Stand the giented to the ship as mave the five the there and the may no the restre all har it you wat he pared an in the unter fined to me the ship. She. I've to can in a sabe.
ZIRAN: Captain, I want sust the furse on the shaplise. The shan the shet was be you see fere on the reppais to be a fur the shim some and realy and the is she pertay not what you we saes are we the all be on it the mind me the sheped the seatien the shaplans. I and that you we and the best to the ball none ware one that gone an will wo read you what is seed the aed now it you would star that shis benest we head a man eand corrand the shis on the to and the shim of you have logel prise on ale to the one changre the well she contror it. I con't the were a star the shill man a dew the prosing to the perter. We man the reath the man sep. Sir, sir. Kirk she seats beain we here aly to you his to tho he surles the land the ship the sire tate the fire for decregher the shaply to be a tring to do an what the desting the shat.
